CREDITS
         Edited by: Alan Fleming, (alan@cix)
         
         Contributors:  Matthew Sims (mat@cix),  D.J.Walker
         Morgan  (dj@cix),   Sylvia Thornley  (sthorn@cix),
         Don  Milne  (mpack@cix), Nich Overend  (nich@cix),
         Graeme    Hewson   (ghewson@cix),   Paul   Gardner
         (pag@cix),  Dave  Johnson  (djohnson@cix),  Gordon
         Hundley (gh@cix).
         
         Thanks   to  Robert  Schifreen  (hex@cix),   Frank
         Thornley     (fthorn@cix),     Michael     Spalter
         (segcom@cix) and Anders Heerfordt (anders@cix) for
         many useful pointers.
         
         The  section  on the Editor has been adapted  from
         the original CoSy manual.
         
         CIX  itself  is a derivation of the University  of
         Guelph's CoSy conferencing system.
         This manual is Copyright © CIX Ltd. 1989-94.
         
CONVENTIONS USED IN THIS MANUAL
         @cix            Means  at  CIX,  follows   a   CIX
         username.
         <CR>            Press  the  return  key  on   your
         keyboard.
         <username>     Nickname or account  ID  of  a  CIX
         user
         <filename>      A  filename.  In  some   cases   a
         wildcard can be used.
         <message>     A CHAT message.
         <msgno>         Number  of  a  mail  /  conference
         message.
         <confname>    Name of a CIX conference.
         <date>        Date using the format dd/mmm/yy.
         <number>       A number. The format and length  of
         the number should be obvious.
         <others>       Some  text, other  than  the  above
         examples.
         CAPS          A CIX command.
         
         Note:  CIX  accepts text in both upper  and  lower
         case  except  in  certain circumstances,  such  as
         usernames or filenames. Most people use lower case
         on  CIX  because  it looks better  on  a  computer
         screen.  Upper  case is used for the  commands  in
         this manual simply to make them stand out from the
         body of the text.
         
-----------------------------------------------------------
INTRODUCTION TO CONFERENCING

         Computer  conferencing is a way of letting  people
         work  and discuss matters, without the restriction
         of  time  and  location, which  usually  restricts
         'real world' conferencing.
         
         With  a  'real world' conference, you meet  fellow
         participants   at  a  specified  location   on   a
         specified  date,  and discuss a  specified  topic.
         With  computer  conferencing, you  'meet'  on  the
         computer system. As the computer is open 24  hours
         a day, so the meeting can go on all day. You don't
         all  have  to  be there at the same time,  as  the
         computer  keeps everything that is said  and  when
         you  join a conference, you can catch up  on  what
         has been said and make your own contributions.
         
         This  means  you can exchange information  with  a
         wide  range of people, who access the system  when
         it  suits  them. It allows you to discuss  matters
         with  people who you may not normally meet in day-
         to-day  work, and trade information on your  areas
         of expertise. It allows you to form groups of like-
         minded   people  to  develop  new  ideas  or   new
         products. And all with the efficiency of  computer
         conferencing.
         
         
-----------------------------------------------------------
         
INTRODUCTION TO CIX
         CIX, the Compulink Information eXchange was set up
         by  Compulink  Information eXchange Ltd,  when  it
         realised  that traditional Bulletin Board  systems
         were not enough for their users. CIX was developed
         from the University of Guelph's CoSy (Conferencing
         System)    software   and   enhanced   by    CIX's
         programmers, to allow the interchange of  programs
         as  well  as  text, mail to users other  than  Cix
         users, and to provide access to the internet.

         CIX  provides  a  system  for  computer  users  to
         exchange information, though the scope of CIX  has
         widened  to cover many non-technical subjects.  It
         is  within  this environment that  CIX  users  can
         develop a wider knowledge.

         CIX  strives  to  allow  as many  different  users
         online,  and  makes minimal restrictions  on  what
         hardware  is  needed to access  the  system.  This
         gives  a wide range of users, from IBM Mainframers
         to  Z80  machine  coders,  from  Unix  hackers  to
         customer  support people, from computer  users  to
         developers and journalists.

         As   well  as  electronic  conferencing,  CIX  has
         electronic mail (including binary mail) and  real-
         time  chat facilities to allow users to  carry  on
         either   private   conversations  or   on-the-spot
         discussions.

         This manual will help you harness the power of CIX
         and computer conferencing.

         IF YOU HAVE PROBLEMS
         If  you  have any problems with CIX, there  are  a
         couple of things you can do:

         Phone either CIX Technical Support on 081 390 8446
         or CIX Customer Care on 0492 641961.

         Send a Mail message on CIX to one of the following
         usernames:  cixadmin (admin questions) or  cixtech
         (technical support)
         
-----------------------------------------------------------

QUICK MANUAL
INTRODUCTION
         The  Conference  is  one  of  the  most  important
         concepts  to  be understood before  using  CIX.  A
         Conference  is  a  section on CIX  set  up  by  an
         ordinary user, which is a forum for discussion  of
         a  set  of related topics - a topic being  a  more
         specific  form of sub-conference. For  example,  a
         'hobbies' conference might have topics on aquaria,
         fishing,  ski-ing, etc., and a conference  on  IBM
         PCs  might  have  topics  on  hardware,  software,
         peripherals, and so on.
         
         One  of  the key features of conferencing  is  the
         ability   of  any  user  to  set  up   their   own
         conferences.  When  they do so,  they  become  the
         Moderator  of that conference, with the  power  to
         control   who  joins  the  conference,   what   is
         discussed, and how the discussion is to proceed.
         
         Conferences can be open or closed; anyone can join
         an   open   conference,  but  members  of   closed
         conferences have to be invited in by the Moderator
         before  membership is granted.  This  enables  the
         setting  up  of  conferences for strictly  limited
         groups,  such as the holders of support contracts,
         members  of  the sales team, or even  the  tactics
         group of the local football club.
         
TO START WITH
         Once you have established the connection (see  the
         chapter  "Connecting to CIX"  if  you  are  having
         problems),  the next step is to let CIX  know  who
         you  are.  CIX will display a brief identification
         message, and then prompt you with
         
         Type 'cix' at the 'login' prompt to get started.
         
         login:
         
         Do  as  it  says. CIX will then display  a  banner
         page, finishing with the prompt
         
         Nickname? (Enter 'new' for new user)
         
         If  you  have already been allocated a user  name,
         enter  it,  otherwise  type  new  and  follow  the
         instructions  given on the screen. If  CIX  cannot
         find your name, it will return you to the Nickname
         prompt.  If  this happens try again - making  sure
         that you are typing CIX at the login prompt before
         attempting to enter your nickname and password. If
         CIX  refuses to recognise your user name  or  your
         password, call the CIX helpline on 0181 390 8446.
         
         Note:  nicknames and passwords are  case-sensitive
         and nicknames are always in lower case.
         
         CIX  will now ask you for your password. When  you
         enter this, it will not echo to the screen. Should
         you  make a typing error, CIX will give you  three
         chances  to  get  it right before hanging  up  the
         phone line.
         
YOUR PROFILE
         Every  time  you  log  on, CIX will  automatically
         execute  a  sequence  of  operations  which   will
         display  summary  information  and  configure  the
         system to your own preferences. This sequence  can
         be  changed according to your own leanings but, to
         begin  with, all you need to know is  that  it  is
         there, and is responsible for the information that
         appears  on the screen when you first  log  in  to
         CIX.
         
         In  its  original state, the Profile will  display
         any  important  messages from the CIX  management,
         tell you if you have any private mail waiting, and
         let  you  know how many unread messages  you  have
         waiting  for  you  in the various  conferences  of
         which you are a member.
         
THE MORE? PROMPT
         Whenever  CIX  gets  to the  end  of  a  page,  it
         displays  the  More?  prompt.  This  is  to   stop
         information  going off the screen  without  giving
         you a chance to read it. When it is displayed, you
         have  two  choices: if you wish to  see  the  next
         page, then just hit <CR>, If you don't, then  just
         hit Q.
         
THE MAIN: PROMPT
         When  the Profile has finished its tasks, CIX will
         arrive at the Main: prompt. This is the base level
         of  the  CIX system, and from here you can  access
         all  the  various functions, such as Conferencing,
         Private mail, and so on. To leave CIX, type BYE at
         this prompt.
         
USING THE CONFERENCES
         The main reason that you have subscribed to CIX is
         almost certainly the conferencing facilities,  so,
         having got the preliminaries out of the way, it is
         time  to  take a look at the conferences. To  move
         into  the conferencing system, simply hit <CR>  at
         the  Main: prompt. CIX will change the prompt  and
         move  you  into the first conference of which  you
         are  a  member that has unread messages. As a  new
         user,  this  will probably be the learn conference
         which  is  an online tutorial. It makes  a  useful
         alternative to this guide. Whilst reading  through
         a conference, after every message the Read: prompt
         will  be displayed, to return to the Main: prompt,
         type QUIT.
         
         To  read  the  next message, you should  hit  <CR>
         again.  This will display a header describing  the
         message  you  are about to read, followed  by  the
         text  of the message itself. If there is a lot  of
         text  in the message, you may get the More? prompt
         again. If this happens, press <CR> again. You will
         now  find  yourself at the Read: prompt,  pressing
         <CR> again will move you onto the next message.
         
         There are several directions in which you can read
         the   messages  in  a  conference.   The   default
         direction   is  FORWARD  mode.  This  means   that
         whenever you hit <CR> you will move on to the next
         message  in  chronological order as to  when  they
         were  left.  The opposite to this is the  BACKWARD
         mode,  which  moves from latest to  earliest.  The
         third,  and  most  useful mode, is  the  REFERENCE
         mode. This will automatically move you to the next
         message which is a reply (if there is one) to  the
         one  which  you have just read. You can  find  out
         what message the current message is a reply to  by
         typing  ORIGINAL. This is useful  if  you  know  a
         message  is  important, but can't quite  work  out
         why!
         
LEAVING MESSAGES
         Sooner  or  later, you will come across a  message
         upon which you just have to comment - it may be  a
         question that you can answer, a point of view with
         which  you radically disagree, or just a statement
         of  such blinding stupidity that you can't let  it
         rest   unchallenged.  To  make  your  point,  type
         COMMENT at the Read: prompt directly following the
         message you wish to comment on.
         
         You  will  now move to the CIX text entry  prompt.
         This  is  a  cut down version of the  CIX  editor,
         whose  sole purpose is to let you enter  lines  of
         text with no unnecessary distraction. Type in  the
         message - if you make any mistakes, and spot  them
         before you move to the next line, backspace up and
         erase  them; otherwise just leave them where  they
         are  and  edit them later. Do not attempt to  move
         the  cursor with the arrow keys. Although  it  may
         look  all  right to you, it will make the  message
         totally unreadable when you save it. When you have
         finished  entering your message, type a full  stop
         followed by a <CR> on a new line (.<CR>).
         
         You  will  now  find yourself at  the  Add/action:
         prompt. If you made any mistakes, just type  EDIT,
         and you will go into the editor.
         
         If you change your mind about leaving the comment,
         or  you have made so many mistakes that you  would
         rather  start again, you can abort the process  at
         this  prompt  by typing QUIT, otherwise  save  the
         message  by typing ADD, or by pressing <CR>.  Your
         message is now saved and ready for other people to
         read.
         
THE VERBOSE EDITOR
         The  first  thing that we will do is get  familiar
         with the CIX Verbose editor. This is a simple line
         editor designed to let you edit messages with  the
         minimum  of  fuss and complication.  In  order  to
         demonstrate this editor, we will edit your Resume.
         This  is  a  piece  of  text  which  can  hold   a
         description  of who you are, where you  are  from,
         and  what your interests are. When you first  join
         CIX,  it only contains your real name - any  extra
         details you may wish to add must be added by you.
         
         Before starting, it is best to get an idea of what
         a  sample Resume looks like. To see a Resume, type
         SHOW  RESUME <username>. If you wish to  see  your
         own  resume  type SHOW RESUME. Now  let  us  begin
         editing  your  own resume. Type EDIT  RESUME.  CIX
         will  respond with a message letting you know what
         you  are  editing, and what the available commands
         are.
         
         To  see  what text is already there, type  L,  for
         list.  As you can see there isn't a lot there.  We
         can improve on that.
         
         To  start with, let's add some text to the end  of
         the  Resume.  To do this, select A to append.  The
         prompt  will  change, and you can now  enter  some
         lines  of text. Type away; when you have finished,
         end  the input with .<CR>on a new line. The editor
         will  then  return to the command mode.  Check  on
         what  you entered with the L command. If you  have
         made  any  mistakes,  you  can  correct  them   by
         deleting  the offending line. To do  this  type  D
         followed  by  the number of the line you  wish  to
         delete, e.g. D4 will delete line 4.
         
         Inserting extra lines. To do this type I  followed
         by the line you wish to insert after, e.g: I5 will
         start inserting text between lines 5 and 6. Finish
         Insert  mode with the same .<CR> command described
         above.
         
         To  end editing and save the changes that you have
         made, type X. To leave without saving, type Q.
         
STARTING A THREAD
         The  procedure  for  starting  a  new  thread   of
         conversation is just as simple as commenting to  a
         message.  Simply  type SAY at  the  Read:  prompt.
         Enter  the  title when asked, and  then  carry  on
         exactly as for the Comment procedure.
         
JOINING AND RESIGNING CONFERENCES
         Although   you   start  off  joined   to   a   few
         conferences,  these  are all oriented  toward  CIX
         and,  as  such, of little interest once  you  have
         started  to find your way around. Before  you  can
         get  down  to the interesting bits, you must  find
         out  what  they  are.  To get  a  listing  of  all
         available   conferences  (called  the   conference
         list), you can use one of the Show commands - this
         time  SHOW  ALL.  This produces a  list  of  every
         conference name, a brief description of  what  the
         conference  is for, and whether the conference  is
         open or closed.
         
         Look through the list of conferences and see which
         ones  you  fancy.  To  become  a  member  of  that
         conference, type JOIN <confname>. If you are not a
         member  of that conference, you will be  asked  if
         you  wish to join, otherwise you will move to that
         conference,  regardless of whether there  are  any
         unread messages or not. Once you have joined,  you
         will  be  moved  to  the Read: prompt  and  should
         proceed as described above.
         
         Should  you  at  any time wish to stop  reading  a
         conference permanently, you can RESIGN from it  by
         typing RESIGN <confname>. You can also resign from
         a   specific  topic  by  using  the  form   RESIGN
         <confname> <topicname>.
         
THE MAIL SYSTEM
         As  well as conferences, CIX also has the facility
         to  let you exchange confidential mail with  other
         CIX  members.  The  Mail system has  many  complex
         options,  but  the  basic  command  structure   is
         designed  to be as similar as is possible  to  the
         Conference system. If you have any incoming  mail,
         this is indicated to you when you first log-in. To
         read  this  mail, type MAIL to move  to  the  Mail
         system,  and  when you see the Mail:  prompt,  hit
         <CR>.  This  will  display all  the  new  messages
         people  have  sent  to you. As in  the  Conference
         system, hitting <CR> will move you on to the  next
         unread  message.  To leave the Mail  system,  type
         QUIT.
         
         Replying to a mail item is virtually identical  to
         replying to a conference message, in fact the only
         difference is that instead of adding a reply  when
         you have finished, you SEND it.
         
         To  send  a  piece of mail, you simply go  to  the
         Mail:  prompt  as before, and type TO  <username>.
         This  is a similar command to the SAY command used
         in reading conferences.
         
THE FILE SYSTEM
         As well as messages, CIX can also be used for file
         transfer,  such  as programs, databases  or  large
         text  files.  This is achieved through  the  FLIST
         command  (stands for File List) - (Files may  also
         be transferred using Binary mail, see the  chapter
         “Mail  In  Depth”). Not every topic has an  Flist,
         but  the  ones that do announce this fact whenever
         you enter them.
         To  view  the file list of a topic, type FLIST  at
         the  Read: prompt. If one is present, it  will  be
         displayed,   showing  the  names  of   the   files
         available,  and their length in bytes. Should  you
         wish  to  download  a  file, type  FDL  <filename>
         (<filename> being the name of the file you wish to
         receive.) CIX offers many File transfer Protocols,
         but  defaults  to  XMODEM (MODEM7  on  some  Comms
         packages), but this can be changed via the options
         menu (see  the chapter "Files in Depth.")
         
         Uploading  is  similar; type FUL and  if  you  are
         using the Xmodem file transfer protocol, type  FUL
         <filename>.  When the Moderator  has  checked  the
         file out, it will be put into the Flist.
         
THE HELP SYSTEM
         There are many commands on CIX and rather than you
         having to refer to this manual every time you need
         help,  we  decided  a  comprehensive  online  help
         system would be a very good idea.
         
         To   obtain   help  on  any  command,  type   HELP
         <command>,  this help should give you enough  help
         on  the command to enable you to understand how to
         use  it.  If  you  find any  of  the  help  leaves
         anything to be desired, we want to know about  it,
         send  an Email message to an account on CIX called
         cixadmin explaining the problem.
         
         To find out the subjects you can get help on, type
         HELP HFILES.  This will give you a list of all the
         help files available to you.
         
-----------------------------------------------------------

CONFERENCES IN DEPTH

INTRODUCTION
         In CIX a conference is where CIX users can discuss
         related matters. Each conference is split up  into
         a  number  of topics so discussions are easier  to
         keep  track  of. CIX users can do this by  leaving
         messages  in  the  conference's topic  which  best
         suits the message subject. CIX keeps a note of the
         order messages should be read in, so questions are
         followed by answers to questions, thus keeping the
         flow of a topic going.
         
         When  you are using CIX, it assumes that you  want
         to use the Conference system, so if you are at the
         Main:  prompt and press the <CR> key,  CIX  starts
         checking your conferences.
         
         It will display a full stop for each conference it
         has checked where there are no new messages in any
         topic. When it finds a conference topic with a new
         messages  or messages in it, it will join  you  to
         that conference and that topic.
         
CONFERENCES AND TOPICS
         WHAT CONFERENCES ARE AVAILABLE
         When   you   first  subscribe  to  CIX   you   are
         automatically  joined  to  a  couple   of   useful
         conferences. To get a list of all the  conferences
         you  are  joined to, type SHOW ALL at  either  the
         Main:  prompt  or  the  Read:  prompt.  This  will
         display every conference, a brief description  and
         show  you  if it's open or closed. You can  search
         for  all open and closed conferences which may  be
         of  interest by typing SHOW ALL <text>. This  will
         display  every conference that includes <text>  in
         either its name or its description. If you use the
         SHOW  ALL  QUICK  command, CIX  will  display  the
         conference list in a compact format.
         
         JOINING CONFERENCES
         You  can  go  directly to a conference  from  most
         prompts   with  the  JOIN  command.   Enter   JOIN
         <confname>  (where <confname> is the name  of  the
         conference  you want to join) and CIX will  attach
         you to that conference. If there is only one topic
         within  that  conference, CIX  will  automatically
         attach  you to that topic. If there is  more  than
         one  topic,  CIX will ask what topic you  want  to
         attach  to  after displaying the  topics  in  that
         conference e.g.:
         
         Main: JOIN PC
         Topics are: '7hardware', '7software', '3drives',
         '2displays', '2buying', 'boards', 'applications',
         'os'.
         Topic?
         
         You  may  enter  the topic name, or  press  return
         which  will attach you to the first topic  in  the
         list.
         
         Topic? 7HARDWARE
         Joining conference 'pc', topic '7hardware'.
         (Files) 50 new message(s).
         
         If  you  have  not joined this conference  before,
         then  you are not a member of the conference,  and
         CIX  will  ask  if  you want to register  in  that
         conference e.g.
         Main: JOIN PC
         
         Not registered in 'pc'. Register (Y/N) ? Y
         
         Once  you  have registered, CIX will make  a  note
         that  you  are now a participant and then continue
         as  normal,  displaying the list  of  topics.  The
         quickest  way to get to a conference and topic  is
         to put it all on one line like so.
         
         Main: JOIN PC 7HARDWARE
         Joining conference 'pc', topic '7hardware'.
         (Files) 50 new message(s).
         
         When you are reading a topic, CIX will display the
         Read: prompt. Pressing return at this prompt tells
         CIX to display the next unread message.
         
YOUR CONFERENCE LIST
         It  is  a  good  idea to regularly clean  up  your
         conference  list, resigning from those conferences
         that  don't  really interest you, and looking  for
         new  conferences to join. As you already know  how
         to  look for conferences and how to join them, you
         ought  to know how to resign from conferences  and
         how  to  put  your  conference list  into  a  more
         efficient order.
         
         To  find  out which conferences you are joined  to
         type  SHOW, this will display your conference list
         like this.
         
         Conference:  cix
         6problems 0/162    modems 0/63    billing 0/36
         events 0/26        2usenet 0/261  whinges 0/298
         manual 0/18        settings 0/18  fax 4/943
         internet 2/641     index 0/125    2stats 0/70
         Conference: dtp
         software 4/146     hardware 8/83  problems 1/158
         Conference: ventura
         general 0/164      style 0/3      windows 3/195
         
         Show tells me I am a member of 3 conferences, cix,
         dtp  and ventura, it also tell me the topics I  am
         joined  to.  The numbers after topics signify  the
         number  of  messages I have to  read  against  the
         number of messages within the topic.
         
         I  find the dtp conference doesn't interest me any
         more,  nor  does  the settings topic  in  the  cix
         conference.  I can resign from a whole conference,
         or  just a single topic in a conference using  the
         RESIGN  command. To resign from dtp, I would  type
         RESIGN  DTP  from the Main: prompt or RESIGN  from
         the  Read: prompt when I am in the dtp conference.
         To  resign  from  the settings topic  in  the  cix
         conference, I would type RESIGN CIX SETTINGS.
         
         Often  when  you log on to CIX, you may  not  have
         enough time to read all the unread messages in all
         the  conferences  so you have to choose  the  more
         important  conferences to read first. You  can  do
         this by remembering which conferences are the most
         important, joining them and reading the  messages.
         A  far  better  way  to read  the  more  important
         conferences first would be to get CIX to remember.
         The  ORDER command will change the order CIX reads
         your  conferences. For instance, I am a member  of
         the  jokes conference, the pc conference  and  the
         unix conference. I really want CIX to display  the
         unix  conference  first, the pc conference  second
         and the jokes conference last. This is how I would
         tell CIX to re order my conference list:
         
         ORDER UNIX PC  JOKES
         
         If  I  was a member of many conferences,  I  would
         have  to  use  the  FIRST and  LAST  symbols,  for
         instance.
         
         ORDER FIRST UNIX PC JOKES
         
         If I was a member of many conferences and I wanted
         to put unix pc and jokes seventh, eighth and ninth
         in my conference list I would have to find out the
         name of the conference number six in my conference
         list and type.
         
         ORDER <CONFNAME> UNIX PC JOKES
         
         This  will find the sixth conference in  the  list
         and insert unix, pc and jokes after it.
         
INSIDE A CONFERENCE
         READING MODES
         CIX  keeps  track  of all the messages  which  are
         comments to each message and which ones start  new
         message  chains.  There are  three  ways  to  read
         through  CIX  conferences, Forward, Reference  and
         Backward.
         
         Normally,  CIX uses Forward mode, so if  you  read
         message 123 then the next message you read will be
         124  then  125 and so on. Reference mode looks  at
         the  message, and if it has a comment  to  it,  it
         displays  the comments. So say message  125  is  a
         comment  to  123, in our example,  Reference  mode
         would  display  message 123,  125  and  then  124.
         Reference  mode  is  the  best  way  to  read  CIX
         conferences  because you will be reading  messages
         and  then  the  comments to those  messages.  This
         should  make it easier to understand the relevance
         of each message.
         
         To  turn  on  Reference mode,  enter  the  command
         REFERENCE  at  the Read: prompt. The Read:  prompt
         will change to Read Ref: and CIX will display  the
         next  message  by  reference.  CIX  will  stay  in
         Reference  mode until you turn it off by  entering
         FORWARD at the Read Ref: prompt.
         
         There  is  also a Backward mode, type BACKWARD  at
         the  Read:  prompt to read messages in  descending
         order.
         
         If you want Reference mode as your default reading
         mode,  add the line OPTION REFERENCE Y Q  to  your
         Profile. (See Chapter "Options and Extras.")
         
MOVING AROUND CONFERENCE
         Whilst reading messages, the + or - keys will move
         you forwards or backwards one message at a time in
         chronological  order. These  are  very  useful  in
         moving  forwards or backwards one message  without
         moving out of the Read mode you are using.
         
         In  both FORWARD and REFERENCE modes there is  the
         command  ORIGINAL which displays the message  that
         the current message is a comment to.
         
         The  ROOT  command is another useful  command,  it
         allows  you display the first message of a  chain.
         For  example, if you read a message that  is  half
         way through a message chain and it interested you,
         typing  ROOT  would  display  the  message   which
         sparked  off this chain of messages and you  could
         then  use  the  REFERENCE  command  to  read  each
         message  until you reached the end of the  message
         chain.
         
         Not  really a command to move around a conference,
         more  to stay in the same place, the AGAIN command
         will display the last message you read without you
         having to know the message number.
         
         Another  command, not really for moving  around  a
         conference, more to find out where you are in that
         conference, SHOW CURRENT will tell you which topic
         you  are  in and the last message number you  have
         read. This command is available from the Read: and
         Mail: prompts and comes in very handy.
         
         SKIPPING
         CIX  maintains a pointer to the last message  read
         in  each conference, which is updated when you log
         off.  You  may wish to move forward or  back  from
         that   position  to  reread  messages  or   ignore
         messages.  Whichever  you want  to  do,  the  SKIP
         command  is  available  to  help.  SKIP  has  many
         options,  but its most basic form is SKIP <number>
         where the number is the number of messages to move
         forward.  SKIP  5 for example would  skip  over  5
         messages.
         
         You  may  want  to move back to re-read  messages.
         SKIP BACKWARD <number>allows you to move back that
         number of messages, so SKIP BACKWARD 10 would move
         you ten messages back.
         
         You  may  want to move to a specific  message  and
         read all the messages since that message. SKIP  TO
         <number> allows you to do this. The number is  the
         message  number of the message you want  to  start
         reading  from.  SKIP TO 1000  would  move  you  to
         message  1000.  SKIP TO can move you  forwards  or
         backwards through a set of messages.
         SKIP  TO  also has some special options.  SKIP  TO
         FIRST  will  move you to the first  message  in  a
         Topic, and SKIP TO LAST will move you to the  last
         message in a Conference.
         
         SKIP  TO  DATE <date> will move you to  the  first
         message entered on or after that date. The date is
         in  the format similar to 10jun94 or 1aug94, so to
         read  all  the messages from the start of  4th  of
         July 1994 you'd enter SKIP TO DATE 4JUL94.
         
         SKIP   TO  BACK  <days>  will  move  your  message
         pointers  in a topic back the number of  days  you
         specify.
         
         There  is  a  special skip, SKIP TO  RECENT  which
         moves you to the last message less 100. So if  you
         join  a conference and find 2000 messages and want
         to  catch  up,  SKIP TO RECENT will  move  you  to
         message  1900  and allow you to carry  on  reading
         from  there. The value of 100 is the default,  and
         you  can change that value with the command OPTION
         RECENT  <number> QUIT where <number> is  how  many
         messages  from the end of the conference you  wish
         to skip to.
         
SEARCHING
         CIX  has  three search facilities for you to  find
         text within a topic's messages. The commands are:
         
         SEARCH <pattern> FROM <msgno> [TO] <msgno>
         SQUICK <"pattern"> [<days>]
         FIND <pattern>FROM <msgno> [TO] <msgno>
         
         Only the SQUICK command allows question marks  and
         spaces  in its search criteria, this is the reason
         for  encasing  the search criteria  in  ""  marks,
         however, only two question marks are allowed  next
         to each other.
         
         In  all the commands, patterns may be in upper  or
         lower  case, which is of no concern,  as  none  of
         CIX's  search commands are case sensitive.  Search
         patterns can be up to 13 characters long.
         
         SEARCH
         Searches  forwards  through a  topic  finding  all
         occurrences  of the specified pattern  within  the
         specified message numbers in the conference  topic
         you are currently joined to.
         
         Using the command SEARCH TEST as an example, every
         time  SEARCH matches your criteria it will display
         a line similar to this:
         
         354 : This is a message to see if our new 'Tester'
         works
         
         The  number is the message where this pattern  was
         matched,  the  ':' denotes that  the  pattern  was
         matched within the text of a message and the  text
         after  that  is  the line where  that  pattern  is
         contained. The other type of line CIX outputs when
         a pattern is matched looks like this:
         
         678 - mat
         
         Again the number is the message number, but the '-
         ' denotes that the pattern was matched against the
         author  of  the  message,  and  the  text  is  the
         author's  name. This is useful if you are tracking
         down one person's contributions to a topic.
         
         To  allow  you to narrow down the SEARCH  command,
         you can follow a SEARCH TEST with FROM <number> or
         TO<number>  or  both.  These  commands  allow  the
         SEARCH  command to search FROM a specified message
         number to the end of the topic, from the beginning
         of a topic TO a specified message number or FROM a
         specified  message  number TO a specified  message
         number. If they are not specified, SEARCH defaults
         to   the  first  and  last  message  numbers.  For
         example:
         
         SEARCH TEST FROM 100 TO 200
         
         Would  search from message 100 to message 200  for
         the word 'test'.
         
         SEARCH TEST FROM 500
         
         Would  search from message 500 to the last message
         for 'test'.
         
         SEARCH TEST TO 400
         
         Would  search  from the first message  to  message
         400.
         
         SQUICK
         This  works in a slightly different way to SEARCH.
         SQUICK  starts at the end of a topic and  searches
         towards  the  beginning. Thus to narrow  down  the
         SQUICK    command,    you    can    follow     the
         SQUICK<"pattern"> command with the number of  days
         previous to the current date SQUICK should search.
         If  you  do not specify SQUICK to search any  days
         backwards, only the current days messages will  be
         searched. For example:
         
         SQUICK "TEST" 7
         
         Would search all messages entered within the  last
         7 days for a match to 'test'.
         
         SQUICK "TEST"
         
         Would  search only messages added on  the  current
         day.
         
         Before you enter a question in a conference,  it's
         always  worth doing a search to see if anyone  has
         asked a similar question before, or even recently.
         
         FIND
         FIND  works like SEARCH. However, instead of  just
         listing the message number and displaying the line
         the  SEARCH found, if FIND gets a match  for  your
         criteria, it will display the complete message the
         criteria was found in.
         
         HEADERS
         If  you want to catch up on what's been going  on,
         CIX  can  display just the Header of the  message.
         That  is the information on who wrote it and when,
         whether  there  are comments, and the  first  non-
         blank line from the message.
         
         There  are  a number of ways of using Headers.  To
         get  a  quick listing of messages you  could  type
         HEADER 10 TO 20 which would display the headers of
         messages 10 to 20.
         
         You  can  turn  Header mode on with  the  commands
         OPTION HEADER YES Q. After this command is issued,
         CIX  will  only display the header of any  message
         you  display.  How do you read the  full  message?
         When  Header mode is on, the action of the  HEADER
         command  changes to display the full  message.  So
         suppose  you see a message header and you want  to
         see  the  message in full, you would  type  HEADER
         AGAIN or HEADER <msgno> to display the message.
         
         To  turn off Header mode type OPTION HEADER NO  Q.
         See the section on Options and Extras for more  on
         this command and other ways of using it.
         
WITHDRAWING / DELETING MESSAGES
         You  may want to remove a message you entered.  To
         do  this  use the WITHDRAW command. If you entered
         message  123 and want to remove it, enter WITHDRAW
         123 and the message will no longer be visible.  To
         read a message you have withdrawn, you can use the
         VIEW  command.  This  of  course  only  works   on
         messages you have withdrawn, not other CIX  users'
         withdrawn messages. To read the withdrawn  message
         123 type VIEW 123.
         
COPYING MESSAGES
         If  you  find a message in a conference topic  and
         you  want to copy it to another conference  topic,
         use the COPY command. To copy message number 20 in
         the current topic into building/general, just type
         COPY  20 BUILDING GENERAL. If the message you want
         to  copy  is the one you have just read type  COPY
         CURRENT BUILDING GENERAL.
         
MOVING FROM TOPIC TO TOPIC
         Whilst reading messages in a conference topic, you
         may  want to get into another topic to read what's
         in  there  first  or  to obtain  some  information
         before  making a comment. There are three commands
         to allow you to do this.
         
         Firstly SWITCHTOPIC <topic> which will jump out of
         the current topic, leaving all the unread messages
         there  still  unread,  and  into  the  topic   you
         specify.  If you do not specify a topic, the  list
         of   topics   contained  in  that  conference   is
         displayed  and you can choose from  that.  To  get
         back to the original topic, you will need to issue
         the  SWITCHTOPIC <topic> command again. TNEXT  and
         TPREVIOUS are the other two commands you can  use.
         TNEXT  moves  you  into  the  next  topic  in  the
         conference and TPREVIOUS moves you to the previous
         topic.  If  you  are  in  the  first  topic  in  a
         conference, issuing a TPREVIOUS command will  move
         you into the last topic in the previous conference
         in  your  conference list. You can also issue  the
         TNEXT command when you are in the last topic of  a
         conference will move you into the first  topic  of
         the next conference in your conference list.
         
         The NEXT command is also available. This will mark
         all  unread messages in the current topic as  read
         and  try  to  join you to the next topic  in  your
         conference list that contains an unread message.
         
VOTING MESSAGES
         There  is a special type of message on CIX  called
         the  Voting  message. It is denoted by  the  words
         Voting  message in its header, and will have  been
         set  up  by  the  Moderator of the conference.  It
         consists of some text, explaining what the vote is
         about  and  a list of up to 9 options for  you  to
         vote on. To vote type VOTE after you have read the
         message  you want to vote on and the options  will
         be  redisplayed. Enter the number of the item that
         you  vote for and press return. Your vote will  be
         logged.  You may confirm this by typing  AGAIN  to
         redisplay the message.
         
         Health  Warning: Votes on CIX are for straw  polls
         and  not life and death decisions. If you wish  to
         conduct  a formal vote, we suggest you carry  that
         out via Email.
         
LEAVING MESSAGES
         WHAT DOES A MESSAGE LOOK LIKE?
         A  message  is  made  up of a header  which  gives
         information  about the conference the  message  is
         in,  the sender of the message, when it was  sent,
         how  long  in characters it is. Also part  of  the
         header  are  some lines saying what  the  original
         message  was and where the comments to  both  this
         message  and  the original message can  be  found.
         Here is an example of a message:
         
         ==============
         comms/bbs #29, from mat, 195 chars, Apr 2 8:22:50
         1994
         This is a comment to message 28.
         There are comments to this message.
         There are more comments to 28.
         --------------
         The online databases available do seem to be very
         good, of course, they aren't as good as CIX :-).
         
         This  is  a typical message. The text between  the
         ======  and  ----  is called the header.  This  is
         information  kept by CIX about the message.  There
         are in CIX three ways to display this information.
         This  is the Verbose version, which is the default
         for CIX users.
         
         On  the first line, is the conference name (comms)
         and  topic  name  (bbs). Then, the message  author
         ('mat')  and  the  length  of  the  message   (195
         characters).  Finally, the date and time  of  when
         the message was added to the conference (8:20pm on
         April 2nd 1994).
         
         The next three lines in our example message do not
         always  appear. They are indicators on whether  or
         not  people have commented on this message and  if
         this  message  is  itself  a  comment  to  another
         message.
         
READING A CONFERENCE
         Once  you  have joined a conference and topic  and
         you  are at the Read: prompt, the easiest  way  to
         read a message is to press the <CR> key. When  you
         do  this, CIX automatically assumes that you  want
         to  read the next available message in this topic,
         and  will move to that message and display it.  If
         there  are  no  more  messages available  in  that
         topic,  CIX then checks the other topics that  you
         are  joined to in that conference to see if  there
         are  any new/unread messages there. If there  are,
         then  CIX will join you to that topic and  display
         the  Joining message to say what it has joined you
         to.
         
         If  there are no more new/unread messages  in  the
         conference,  CIX goes on to search all  the  other
         conferences  you  are  joined  to  in  a   similar
         fashion,   checking  the  topics  for   new/unread
         messages.
         
MESSAGES AND COMMENTS
         Messages are created by the SAY command. When  you
         SAY   a  message,  it  effectively  starts  a  new
         'thread' of conversation. The message you SAY  can
         be COMMENTed on by other users.
         
         SAYING A MESSAGE
         The  SAY command can be used when you are attached
         to a conference and topic.
         
         Main: JOIN PC 7HARDWARE
         Joining conference 'pc', topic 'hardware'. (Files)
         50 new message(s).
         Read:SAY
         Enter Message. End with '.<CR>'
         TITLE: Modified Screens I am looking for a device
         which can modify a screen so that it can take
         normal television signals and act like a TV. Can
         anyone help?
         Frank.
         Add/action:
         
         Let  us  see  what happened here. The  user  first
         joined  the pc/7hardware conference/topic and  CIX
         told  him  it had attached him to that.  The  user
         then entered the SAY command.
         
         CIX now asks for a title line for this message and
         then lets the user enter text. To enter text,  CIX
         has  what  we  call the Text gobbler  which  is  a
         simple  text entry routine. The Text gobbler  just
         lets   you   enter  text,  and  has   no   editing
         facilities. It prompts you to enter the text  with
         a  prompt. At the prompt you can start typing.  As
         you approach the end of the line, the text gobbler
         will  spot that, and move the word you are  typing
         onto the next line. You can use the <CR> to end  a
         line at any point. When you have finished entering
         your text enter .<CR> (full stop) on the start  of
         a new line.
         
         CIX  will  now  prompt  you with  the  Add/Action:
         prompt.  What CIX has done now is transferred  the
         text  you  have entered into a temporary workspace
         called   the  Scratchpad.  You  are  now  at   the
         Add/action:  prompt  and you have  the  chance  to
         view,  edit,  append to or delete that scratchpad,
         or transfer it to the conference.
         
         ADD  OR <CR>   Adds as a message the text you have
         prepared, clears the scratchpad and returns you to
         the Read: prompt.

         CLEAR          Clears the scratchpad  and  returns
         you to the Read: prompt. No message will be added.

         CONTINUE  Returns  you  to  the  text  gobbler  to
         continue  entering text which is appended  to  the
         end of the scratchpad.

         EDIT           Starts the text editor which allows
         you to make alterations.

         HELP       Displays  a  brief  reminder  of  these
         commands.

         LIST      Displays the contents of the  scratchpad
         on the screen.

         QUIT      Return  to  the  Read:  prompt,  without
         clearing the scratchpad.
         
         When  you  type  ADD OR <CR>, CIX  will  take  the
         message  and  add  it to the end  of  the  topic's
         messages,  giving  it  a  number.  To  view   that
         message, just type its number.
         
         COMMENTING ON A MESSAGE
         To comment on a message, use the COMMENT command
         
         Main: JOIN PC HARDWARE
         Joining conference 'pc', topic 'hardware'. (Files)
         1 new message(s).
         Read:
         =======================
         pc/hardware #2941, from fthorn, 200 chars, Tue Jul
         17 13:32:50 1994
         -----------------------
         TITLE: Modified Screens
         I am looking for a device which can modify a
         screen so that it can take normal television
         signals and act like a TV. Can anyone help?
         Frank.
         Read: COMMENT
         Enter Message. End with .<CR>
         The easiest way if your monitor can take video
         signals is to use a video recorder and feed the
         video signal to the monitor. Mat.
         Add/action:
         
         Here,  our  user read the message, and decided  to
         comment by entering COMMENT. CIX goes straight  to
         the  text gobbler, not asking for a title (because
         it  assumes,  reasonably, that your message  comes
         under  the  same  title as  the  message  you  are
         commenting  on)  and carries on  as  if  you  were
         SAYing the message.
         
         Once  you have added the comment, CIX updates  the
         original  message to say in its header that  there
         is  a  comment to that message, and in the comment
         it  puts  the line that this is a comment to  that
         message, thus the two messages are related.
         
FINDING OUT MORE ABOUT A CONFERENCE
         Before (or even after) you join a conference,  you
         may   get  a  list  of  its  topics  and  a  brief
         description   of  each  topic  by  entering   SHOW
         <confname>.  If  the  moderator  has  set   up   a
         conference  note,  giving extra  information,  the
         command shows this as well.
         
         You  may  see  who is joined to the conference  by
         using  SHOW  PARTICIPANTS at the Read: prompt,  or
         SHOW PARTICIPANTS <confname>.
         
         Additionally, SHOW PARTICIPANTS ALL shows all  the
         users of CIX.
         
         SHOW  STATUS <confname> is like SHOW PARTICIPANTS,
         but  also  shows when the participants  were  last
         logged on.
         
STORING AND RESTORING MESSAGE POINTERS
         Suppose you file and download all the new messages
         from  CIX, delete your scratchpad and log off CIX.
         You  then accidentally delete the scratchpad  from
         your  computer.  All  is not lost!  Every  day  at
         midnight, CIX automatically backs up your  message
         pointers. All you need do is to log back onto  CIX
         and enter RESTORE at the Main: prompt and CIX will
         restore your message pointers from the last backup
         it made.
         
         As   well  as  letting  CIX  backup  your  message
         pointers  automatically,  you  may  back  them  up
         yourself  by  entering STORE at the Main:  prompt.
         When you next log off, CIX will again back up your
         message pointers.
         
         There  is another command which can be used  along
         with  the STORE and RESTORE commands and  that  is
         CHECKPOINT.  This will write your current  pointer
         file to disk, this normally only happens when  you
         log out of CIX. This means you can use:
         
         CHECKPOINT STORE {commands like JOIN or ORDER that
         mess  with your conference pointers that you don't
         want  to  keep} RESTORE from the Main:  prompt  to
         make  sure you store your current message pointers
         before doing something that could be dangerous  to
         your pointers.
         
RESTORING A WITHDRAWN MESSAGE
         If  you  withdrew a message, you may  change  your
         mind  and  want to restore it. Earlier we withdrew
         message 123, to restore this message so others can
         read  it again type RESTORE 123. Or straight after
         viewing  the  message  simply  type  RESTORE.  The
         Moderator  has  a  PRUNE  command,  this   command
         completely  removes all withdrawn messages  so  if
         the  moderator  has  used this command  since  you
         withdrew  the message, you will never be  able  to
         get it back again.
         

------------------------------------------------------------

MAIL IN DEPTH
INTRODUCTION
         The  electronic mail system within CIX allows  you
         to  send private messages or binary files to other
         users of CIX.
         
         Mail is organised into two 'baskets', just like on
         your  desk. The Inbasket is for mail that has been
         sent to you, and the Outbasket for mail which  you
         have sent.
         
ELECTRONIC MAIL MESSAGES
         When  you are at the Main: prompt and enter  MAIL,
         the  system  will automatically display  any  mail
         messages  in  your Inbasket that you  haven't  yet
         read. They appear in a format like this:
         
         From    Memo * Date
         sthorn 25084 . Fri Jun 17 12:00 1994. New Terminal
         mat    25237 . Sun Jun 19 15:46 1994. Uploaded
         File
         
         To   list  the  contents  of  both  your  In-  and
         Outbaskets, type STATUS at the Mail: prompt.  They
         will appear in a format like this:
         
         From    Memo * Date
         sthorn 25084 . Fri Jun 17 12:00 1994. New Terminal
         mat    25237 . Sun Jun 19 15:46 1994. Uploaded
         File
         
         To      Memo * Date
         fthorn 25581 R Wed Jun 22 11:49 1994. Telephone
         No. mat    25586 . Wed Jun 22 12:24 1994.
         Databases
         
         First we will look at the Inbasket. Each line is a
         separate  mail item. The entry under From  is  the
         name of the sender of that mail item. Next to that
         is   the  Memo  entry.  The  number  is  the  mail
         reference number. You use this number to refer  to
         the  mail item. Next, under the column with the  *
         is  the  mail status, which is R if the  item  has
         been read and a full stop if it has not been read.
         Next, in the Date column is the date and time that
         the  mail  item was sent, and finally,  after  the
         date  is  the subject, which is the title for  the
         mail item.
         
         Underneath that is the Outbasket, which is in  the
         same  format as the Inbasket, except that the From
         column  has changed to To and displays the  person
         to whom you sent that mail item.
         
         READING MAIL
         When  you  are at the Mail: prompt, and you  press
         return, CIX assumes that you want to read the next
         unread mail message in your Inbasket. It will look
         for that mail message and display it if it exists.
         You  can  also read mail messages in your  In  and
         Outbasket by entering their mail number.
         
         Whichever way you display a mail message, it  will
         look something like this....
         
         Mail:<CR>
         Memo # 125237 (234)
         Date: Jun 19 15:46:49 1994 GMT From:
         mat@cix.compulink.co.uk (Matthew Sims)
         Subject: Uploaded File
         To: cixadmin@cix.compulink.co.uk
         Reply-To: mat@cix.compulink.co.uk
         Message-Id: <memo.25237@cix.compulink.co.uk>
         I've uploaded that file you asked for, PCDISP.ARC
         so you should be able to get your new video card
         working properly.
         Matthew
         Mail:
         
         Here  is  a message from mat (The line From:  says
         who  it is from), which was posted on Jun 19th  at
         3:46 pm (the line Date: contains the time and date
         that  the  mail  item  was  sent),  to  you  (your
         username for this example is cixadmin) (To:  shows
         all  the  people that mail item was  sent  to  and
         there  can  be  a CC: entry if the mail  item  was
         carbon  copied). The message reference  number  is
         stored  in  the Message-Id: line and finally,  the
         Subject: line tells you what the message is about.
         
         The  portion  of  the message  just  described  is
         called the mail message header. The message header
         will  tell you, who sent it to you, when they sent
         it,  the message number it is a reply to, who else
         it  has  been sent to and whether someone received
         it and then resent it on to you.
         
         Underneath  those  lines,  which  are  called  the
         header, is the text of the message itself.
         Once  you have displayed a message, CIX sends  you
         back  to the Mail: prompt. From here there  are  a
         number  of commands you can use to manipulate  the
         last message you have read.
         
         QUIT           To  return from the Mail Sub-system
         to wherever you last were.
         
         DELETE         To  remove  the mail  message  from
         your  in or out basket and return you to the  mail
         prompt.
         
         REPLY          To send a reply to the  person who
         sent you that message.
         
         FORWARD        To  send  on that mail  message  to
         someone else.
         
         ORIGINAL       If  this mail message  is  a  reply
         then display the mail message it is a reply to, if
         it is still in your Outbasket.
         
         MARKUNREAD    Will mark the last message you  read
         as unread.
         
         Being  able  to manipulate the last  message  read
         comes in very handy. For instance, if you REPLY to
         a  message,  you  can  then FORWARD  the  original
         message  as  you first read it onto someone  else,
         then   delete  the  message  from  your  Inbasket;
         without  even  having to know the  number  of  the
         message.
         
         SENDING MAIL
         The prompt in the mail system is Mail:. To send  a
         mail   message  to  another  CIX  user   type   TO
         <username>, e.g.
         
         Mail: TO MAT
         
         CIX  then  asks  you for a subject  for  the  mail
         message.  If you don't enter a subject,  CIX  will
         put == No Subject == in the subject column.
         
         Subject: New Disk Drive
         
         CIX  will  now look in your scratchpad to  see  if
         there is any prepared text there. If there is,  it
         will use that as the text of your mail message and
         put you in the editor. Usually there would not  be
         any, so you are now asked to enter the text of the
         message.
         
         Enter Message. End with .<CR>
         Hi mat, Well as you asked I did a bit of research
         on that disk drive and it appears that you can
         only get them in the U.S.A.
         .<CR>
         Send/Action:
         
         The  Send/Action: prompt means CIX is  asking  you
         what  you  want to do with the message. You  could
         enter:
         
         TO <username> To  send  mail  to  <username>.   You
                       can  also specify a number of  names,
                       TO  MAT  FTHORN STHORN and  have  the
                       mail message sent to those people.
         
         SUBJECT       And  change   the  subject   of   the
                       message.
         
         CC <username> Tells CIX  that you would  like  that
                       user to receive a carbon copy of  the
                       message.   Like  TO  you   can   give
                       it  a  list  of user names.  You  can
                       also  CC  a mail message to yourself,
                       possibly  to remind you or  just  for
                       the record.
         
         EDIT          Call up  the editor to let you change
                       the  text you have written. When  you
                       leave  the editor you will return  to
                       the Send/Action: prompt.
         
         CONTINUE      Continue typing the message with  the
                       word  wrapping message entry  system.
                       The  text  you  enter  then  will  be
                       appended  to the end of your  message
                       so far.
         
         CLEAR         Throw away what you have written  and
                       return to the Mail: prompt.
         
         QUIT          Return to  the  Mail: prompt  without
                       losing  the  message (which  will  be
                       held in your scratchpad).
         
         SEND          Send the  message to  the  recipients
                       you have told CIX to send it to.
         
         Once  you have sent a mail message, it is given  a
         mail  number for you to refer to in future. It  is
         also  recorded in the Outbasket that you have sent
         that  mail message, when you sent it and  what  it
         was about. The status column is set to a full stop
         to  say  that the recipient has not yet  read  it.
         Once  it is read, then that full stop will  become
         an R.
         
         QUITTING MAIL
         When  you type mail and enter the Mail Sub-system,
         CIX  remembers exactly where you were, i.e.  which
         conference  and  topic you were in  and  the  last
         conference message you read. So when you  issue  a
         QUIT command from the Mail Sub-system, you will be
         taken  back  to  where you were before  you  typed
         MAIL.
         
         DELETING MESSAGES ONCE READ
         Once read, many mail items are not of much use; so
         to   keep  your  Inbasket  free  from  out-of-date
         messages  you should use the DELETE command.  This
         will  ask  you  if  you want to  delete  the  last
         message  you read from your Inbasket and,  if  you
         do, will delete it.
         
         You  can  also specify a message number  with  the
         DELETE command. For example, you have a mail  item
         123212  in  your Inbasket, to delete it you  would
         enter  DELETE  123212. CIX displays the  message's
         entry in the mail basket and will ask you to enter
         Y  to confirm the deletion. Note that deleting the
         entry in the Outbasket does not stop the mail item
         from  being  received. Once  sent,  it  is  always
         delivered.
         
         REPLYING TO A MAIL MESSAGE
         The REPLY or COMMENT command tells CIX you want to
         answer  the last mail message you read. CIX  knows
         who to send the reply to, and it will always go to
         the sender of the original message. CIX also knows
         what the subject will be, by taking the subject of
         the  original message, and adding the letters  Re:
         to  the front, so the person receiving the message
         knows it's a Reply.
         
         CIX  now  operates as if you were sending  a  mail
         message,  and lets you enter your reply. Once  you
         have finished entering the reply, CIX will ask you
         if you wish to attach the original message to your
         reply.  If  you do, CIX will append  the  original
         message to the end of your message. CIX will  then
         give  you the Send/Action: prompt, and you can  do
         everything  you do when you send a  mail  message,
         like  make a carbon copy, send it to other  users,
         change the subject and so on.
         
         FORWARDING A MAIL MESSAGE
         The  FORWARD command from the  Mail: prompt  tells
         CIX  that  you want to send on this mail  message,
         unaltered,  to another person or persons  on  CIX.
         FORWARD  will first ask who you wish to send  this
         mail item on to with the prompt:
         
         Forward to?
         
         Enter  the  name or names of the new recipient(s).
         CIX  will  return with the Forward/Action:  prompt
         which is like the Send/Action: prompt, except that
         you  may not edit the message, change the subject,
         nor  append text to the message (i.e. the commands
         Edit,  Subject and Continue do not  work  at  this
         prompt, all other Send/action: commands do).  Once
         you  are  happy that the message is going  to  its
         correct  recipients,  enter  SEND,  and  the  mail
         message  will  be  resent. Note that  resent  mail
         messages are marked as to who resent them.
         
         ORIGINAL
         If  the  message you just read was a  reply  to  a
         message  you have sent, and the message  you  sent
         still  exists  in  your Outbasket,  ORIGINAL  will
         display the message you sent in the first place.
         
         MARKING MESSAGES UNREAD
         The  MARKUNREAD command is useful  to  remind  you
         which  mail messages you still have to deal  with,
         those   that   can't   be  answered   immediately.
         MARKUNREAD  changes the R flag  in  your  Inbasket
         back to a . to show the message has not been read.
         Either type MARKUNREAD on its own to mark the last
         message you read as unread, or specify the message
         to  mark as unread by typing MARKUNREAD 122898  to
         mark message 122898 as unread.
         
         LOOKING IN YOUR MAIL BASKETS
         At  the  Mail: prompt you may display  the  In  or
         Outbaskets   with   the   commands   INBASKET   or
         OUTBASKET. You may also display them both together
         with the command STATUS. When you type in MAIL  at
         the  Main:  prompt, CIX looks to see if  you  have
         entered  a command after it. If you have  not,  it
         assumes that you want to see the contents of  your
         Inbasket.
         
         CLEARING MAIL MESSAGES
         If  you get a lot of mail messages, then DELETEing
         the  entries one at a time could take a while. The
         CLEAR command is designed to help you. CLEAR scans
         either  the In or Outbasket and deletes  the  read
         mail  messages.  CLEAR doesn't touch  unread  mail
         messages.  CLEAR  will ask  you  to  confirm  each
         deletion with a Y or an N. You can tell CLEAR  not
         to  ask  for  confirmation by appending  the  word
         QUICK to the command.
         
         This gives...
         
         CLEAR INBASKET  Delete all the read mail  items  in
                         the   Inbasket,   confirming   each
                         deletion.
         
         CLEAR OUTBASKET Delete all the read mail  items  in
                         the   Outbasket,  confirming   each
                         deletion.
         
         CLEAR INBASKET QUICK Delete all read mail  items in
                         the Inbasket without confirmation.
         CLEAR OUTBASKET QUICK      Delete  all  read   mail
                         items   in  the  Outbasket  without
                         confirmation.
         
         If you are a very heavy user of Mail, you may just
         want to clear out certain groups of mail messages.
         CLEAR  can  be told only to work with a  range  of
         mail  reference numbers, using the words FROM  and
         TO.  The number after FROM is the lowest value  of
         mail message you want CLEAR to look at, the number
         after TO is the highest, so:
         
         CLEAR INBASKET FROM 121000
         
         Deletes  all  read  mail  items  in  the  Inbasket
         numbered  higher  that  121000,  confirming   each
         deletion.
         
         CLEAR OUTBASKET FROM 121000 TO 122000
         
         Deletes  all  read mail messages in the  Outbasket
         numbered  between  121000 and  122000,  confirming
         each deletion.
         
         CLEAR INBASKET TO 123000 QUICK
         
         Deletes  all read mail messages from the  Inbasket
         numbered less than 123000, without confirming  the
         deletions.
         
         THE ALL COMMAND
         The  ALL command is the mail equivalent of the ALL
         command  in  conferences. ALL at the Mail:  prompt
         will display all your unread mail messages in your
         Inbasket and mark each Mail message as read.  This
         command is of most use along with the FILE command
         which  stops  output being displayed  and  instead
         will  send the output of the following command  to
         your  scratchpad. For example, FILE ALL  will  put
         all  your  unread  messages into your  scratchpad,
         ready for download and reading offline.
         
BINARY MAIL MESSAGES
         As  a CIX user you have ability to store files  in
         your own private directory and then use the Binary
         mail  facility to send those files  to  other  CIX
         users.
         
         To  use  the Binary mail facility, you will  first
         need to upload a file from your local computer  to
         your CIX private directory. You do this in exactly
         the  same  way  you  would  upload  a  file  to  a
         conference, that is, using the FUL command.  Using
         the  FUL  command from the Mail: prompt tells  CIX
         you  want  the  file to be stored in your  private
         directory, whereas from the Read: prompt tells CIX
         you  want  the  file to be stored in  the  present
         topic.
         
         So,  after making sure CIX knows the file transfer
         protocol  you  are  going to  be  using  (see  the
         section titled “Files In Depth”) and that you  are
         at  the  Mail: prompt, type FUL. If you are  using
         Xmodem, you will be asked to specify the filename.
         Now  CIX  is ready to receive your file, so  start
         sending the file from your end. Once the file  has
         been  transmitted  it  will  be  in  your  private
         directory.
         
         WHAT'S IN MY PRIVATE DIRECTORY?
         The best way to think of your private directory is
         like  a  folder, you keep your files in the folder
         and have various commands to manipulate them.
         
         To  see what's in your private directory, use  the
         DIR  command.  This will display your  files  like
         this:
         
         Description       Size  Time Created/Modified
         ===========       ===========================
         barb1.exe         1468  Apr 25 17:57 94
         hook2.com        21649  Apr 25 17:57 94
         
         Description being the filename, Size the file size
         and  Time the date and time you last uploaded  the
         file.
         
         RENAMING BINARY MAIL FILES
         Once in your private directory, you can rename the
         files  using  the  REN command.  For  example,  to
         rename the file barb1.exe to be fin1.exe type  REN
         BARB1.EXE FIN1.EXE.
         
         ERASING BINARY MAIL FILES
         You   can  also  erase  files  from  your  private
         directory.  The command is ERASE. For  example  to
         erase  the  file hook2.com, type ERASE  HOOK2.COM.
         You  can use wildcards with the ERASE command, for
         instance,  ERASE * will delete all  the  files  in
         your  private directory. Be careful with the ERASE
         command,  once  erased, you can't  get  them  back
         without re-uploading them.
         
         DISPLAYING THE CONTENTS OF .ARC  OR .ZIP FILES
         If  you have archived (.arc or .zip) files in your
         private  directory you can tell CIX  to  list  the
         files contained within that archive using the  FAL
         command.  FAL  stands for File Archive  List.  For
         example,  to  display the contents of an  archived
         file  called tail.arc in your user directory  type
         FAL TAIL.ARC.
         
         COPYING BINARY MAIL INTO FILE AREAS
         The  EXPORT command provides the means to  copy  a
         file from your private directory into a conference
         topic.  Here is an example. You have a file called
         gill.exe sitting in your private directory. To put
         it  into the conference topic angling/fish,  first
         join  the conference/topic, then type MAIL to  get
         into  the Mail system. To copy the file just  type
         EXPORT  GILL.EXE, which copies the file  into  the
         current  conference topic (see  the  SHOW  CURRENT
         command  in the section, “Conferences In  Depth.”)
         If  you now type QUIT, you will find yourself back
         in the conference topic you called the Mail system
         from.
         
         SENDING BINARY MAIL
         To  send  a  file  in  your private  directory  to
         another  user's  private  directory  you  use  the
         BINMAIL  command. For instance, to send  the  file
         barb1.exe to a CIX user called mat you would  type
         BINMAIL MAT BARB1.EXE. If a file of the same  name
         already exists in his private directory, the  file
         you   have  sent  will  be  renamed  to  something
         similar.
         
         DOWNLOADING BINARY MAIL
         Finally,  to  download  a file  that  is  in  your
         private   directory  use  the  FDL  command.   For
         instance, to download the file hook2.com type  FDL
         HOOK2.COM.  For  more information  on  downloading
         files, see the chapter "Files in Depth."
         
EXTERNAL MAIL
         You  may  send electronic mail to users on systems
         other  than CIX. We are connected to the  Internet
         mail network which means that you can send mail to
         anyone  who  can  also access  this  gateway.  For
         instance, people on Janet, Bitnet, Applelink,  MCI
         Mail, Usenet and all the other networks that  have
         access to the Internet. So, you can mail people on
         Compuserve, most major companies worldwide, all US
         and  UK  universities, most UK Polytechnics,  many
         educational   sites  worldwide   and   people   on
         GreenNet.
         
         To  send  a  mail message to another service,  you
         need  to  know what the persons Email address  is.
         Once  you  have this, just type the TO command  at
         the  Mail:  prompt but instead of a  CIX  nickname
         after  the TO command as usual, you have  to  tell
         CIX the address you want the message sent to.
         
         When  the mail is sent, the status of the  message
         in   your  Outbasket  is  shown  by  an  "X"  (for
         eXternal) or sometimes does not appear at all. For
         this  reason we recommend when sending an external
         mail  message  you  Carbon  Copy  the  message  to
         yourself  so  as  well as being sent  through  the
         worlds  networks to its recipient, it also appears
         in your Inbasket so you can read it. External mail
         appears in your Inbasket in the normal way  though
         as  addresses are not formatted the  same  as  CIX
         nicknames, it may look a bit strange.
         
         MAIL ADDRESSES
         To  start with, your External mail address on  CIX
         for others to send you mail, is:
         
         <nickname>@cix.compulink.co.uk
         
         The bit to the left of the @ char is your mailbox,
         which is the same as your nickname; the bit to the
         right  of the @ is called the domain and  tells  a
         mail system where the mailbox is located. The dots
         separate up the domain into sub domains. The right
         most  being  the  top  level  domain,  either  the
         country code or the network, like BITNET, or could
         be  EDU,  COM or GOV for Educational,  Company  or
         Government.  In your address it is uk  for  United
         Kingdom.  The next subdomain to the  left  is  the
         Subdomain, in this case it says we are a  COmpany.
         The  next  left is the site, we can (and do)  have
         more than one computer registered at our site. The
         next  is  the machine name, we need this  so  when
         people  send  mail to you, our mailer  knows  what
         machine you are using.
         
         Other  peoples mail addresses may differ depending
         on  how  there site is layed out but  this  should
         give   you  a  basic  understanding  on  how   the
         addresses are made up.
         
         There  are millions of people who can be addressed
         by  External Mail, there is also no governing body
         looking after worldwide mail so a list of users is
         not  possible.  The only reliable way  to  get  an
         address  for someone is to ask them, use one  they
         distribute on printed matter, or ask someone  else
         who knows it.
         
         Here   are  a  couple  of  example  External  Mail
         addresses:
         
         Notes Network        Mail address
         1     Compuserve     <number>@compuserve.com
               MCI Mail       <user>@mcimail.com
         2     Fidonet
         <user>@<node>.<nw>.<zone>.fidonet.org
         
         1    The  Compuserve <number> is a number  with  a
         comma in it, when using this id for mail the comma
         must  be  replaced  by a full stop.  For  instance
         12345,1234 would become 12345.1234
         
         2    The  <node> is the node number, the  <nw>  is
         the  network  number and the <zone>  is  the  zone
         number of the fidonet system to call.
         
------------------------------------------------------------

FILES IN DEPTH
INTRODUCTION
         CIX  has  a  system called the File system,  which
         allows Moderators of conferences to make available
         program   and  data  files,  and  for   conference
         participants  to  upload and download  files.  The
         files  are  stored in the conference  topics.  CIX
         stores  files  like this to keep  all  information
         (conference  messages,  data  files  and   program
         files)  relating  to  a  certain  subject  in  the
         relevant topic.
         
         You  can  tell  if files are stored  in  a  topic,
         because  the  line  that tells you  how  many  new
         messages  are  in  that topic  contains  the  word
         (Files) for example
         
         Main: JOIN PC 7SOFTWARE
         Joining conference 'pc', topic '7software'.
         (Files) 0 new message(s).
         Read:
         
THE FILE SYSTEM
         DISPLAYING FILES YOU CAN DOWNLOAD
         FLIST (stands for File LIST) is the command to use
         to  see  what files are available for download  in
         the current topic. FLIST will accept both ? and  *
         as wildcards.
         
         To  see  all  the files available to  you  in  the
         current  topic, type FLIST. Here is an example  of
         the File List of a conference topic.
         
         Read:FLIST
         Filename     Size Description
         704k.arc      408 Squeezing an extra 64k out of a
                           PC
         sez230.zoo   7400 Self Extracting Zoo V2.30.
         arff.arc    28098 Finds files in .arc and .zoo
                           files
         lws.exe    119690 Lightning word search text
                           retrieval
         zmodem.doc  90323 Docs for Zmodem file trans prot
         xanadu.arc  20480 Various utilities including
                           Quickcrt
         picload.arc 29696 PCX picture loader executable +
                           C
         Read:
         
         If  you are searching for a certain type of  file,
         you  can use a file name to search. You can use  *
         and  ?  in  the file name (* - any number  of  any
         character,  ? - any one character.) If you  wanted
         all the files which have .arc at the ends of their
         names then you would enter FLIST *.ARC
         
         Read: FLIST *.ARC
         704k.arc      408 Squeezing an extra 64k out of a
                           PC
         arff.arc    28098 Finds files in .arc and .zoo
                           files
         xanadu.arc  20480 Various utilities including
                           Quickcrt
         picload.arc 29696 PCX picture loader executable +
                           C
         
         DISPLAYING CONTENTS OF A FILE
         The  command TYPE will display the contents  of  a
         file on the screen. For example, to make sure  the
         file zmodem.doc is the documentation file you want
         before  downloading it type TYPE  ZMODEM.DOC.  CIX
         will  display the file for you, when you have made
         sure it is the correct file, you can download it.
         
         DISPLAYING ARCHIVE (.ARC OR .ZIP) FILES
         FAL  is  a  useful command that will  display  the
         contents of a .ARC  or .ZIP file so you can see if
         it  contains  the files you want. For example  say
         there  is a file 'info.zip' and you want  to  know
         what  is  in it, enter FAL INFO.ZIP and  CIX  will
         list  the  filenames contained in that .ZIP  file.
         Note that you must include the .ARC or .ZIP on the
         end of the file name.
         
         FINDING FILES ON CIX
         FFIND  is a very good way of finding out  where  a
         file  is  on  CIX  without spending  a  long  time
         hunting  through  the  conference  topics.   FFIND
         automatically puts a wildcard at the beginning and
         the  end  of  the filename you ask to search  for.
         Here  is an example: FFIND NARC. This will produce
         something similar to the following.
         
         Main: FFIND NARC
         Searching for *narc*.
         narc.arc 20428 bytes in sources/unix
         unarc.arc3456 bytes in atari.st/listings
         kilinarc.arc  16337 bytes in filepool
         narc12.arc    46080 bytes in filepool
         Main:
         
         FILE FORMATS
         Most  of  the  files on CIX have been archived  by
         using  a  file packing routine based  on  the  ZIP
         standard.  This  makes uploading  and  downloading
         much  faster,  as well as keeping  specific  files
         together.  To extract the files from  the  archive
         once  you  have  downloaded it  you  will  need  a
         program  called PKZ204G.EXE. This file  is  easily
         found,  it is usually the first file in the  Flist
         of every topic. Because of various reasons, in the
         future  we  may  change  the  packing  method  and
         another file extractor program could be used.  You
         may  need to download both the file PK361.EXE (for
         .ARC files), from the filepool conference and  the
         newfiles topic. Please note, both these files  are
         for MS-DOS. If you are using a computer which does
         not  run  MS-DOS,  you may need  to  download  the
         version  for  your  computer.  If  you  have   any
         problems, either ask in the conference best suited
         to  answer questions about your computer, send the
         question   as  a  Mail  message  to  the  nickname
         cixtech, or telephone CIX on our support line.

FILE TRANSFERS
         DOWNLOADING FILES
         FDL  (stands for File DownLoad) is the command  to
         use to tell CIX you are going to start downloading
         a  file from the current topic. You must supply  a
         filename  after the FDL command so CIX  will  know
         which  file you wish to download. In the filename,
         you   can  also  supply  a  *  wildcard.  To  take
         advantage of downloading using a wildcard as  part
         of  the  filename, you must be using a batch  file
         transfer protocol such as Zmodem or Ymodem.
         
         To  download  files, first, make  sure  that  your
         communications program can receive one of the File
         Transfer  Protocols that CIX uses. CIX at  present
         can do:-
         
         Protocol name      Letter
         Xmodem             X
         Xmodem CRC         C
         Ymodem             Y
         Zmodem             Z
         Kermit             K
         
         YModem  also  does Ymodem batch, Ymodem-g  and  1k
         Xmodem
         
         CIX  will  default  to  Xmodem,  unless  you  have
         changed the default settings in your Profile,  you
         may  however wish to use a different file transfer
         protocol. To select the protocol you want to  use,
         enter  the  command OPTION DOWNLOAD <letter>  QUIT
         where  the  letter is the letter  shown  for  your
         protocol in the last table. These options are  not
         permanent. To make your download options permanent
         you will have to edit and change your Profile, see
         the   chapter  “Options  and  Extras”   for   more
         information.
         
         Now  JOIN  the conference and topic which contains
         the  file  you  wish  to  download  and  type  FDL
         <filename>.  After  CIX has  found  the  file  (or
         files)  you asked for, it will tell you  the  file
         transfer  protocol you are using,  the  amount  of
         data  to expect, and an estimation of the time  it
         will  take.  At  this point set your  software  to
         receive the file using the same protocol that  CIX
         is set up for. Once the transfer is completed, CIX
         will  tell you whether the transfer was successful
         or  not  and  confirm  the actual  time  taken  to
         transfer  the  file. If you have had problems,  it
         will  also tell you what was going wrong and  give
         you some suggestions.
         
         The following was a successful download:
         
         Main: JOIN PC 7SOFTWARE
         Joining pc/7software 1329 new message(s).
         Read: FDL ATDRVTAB.ARC
         Ymodem download started. (to abort ^X^X^X^X)
         Filesize 5083 bytes, estimated time at 240 cps :
         22 sec
         Download succeeded Actual time 13 sec, speed 391
         cps
         Read:
         
         UPLOADING FILES
         FUL (stands for File UpLoad) is the command to use
         to  tell  CIX  you are going to start uploading  a
         file  into  the current topic. The command  syntax
         for  uploading  files is almost the  same  as  for
         downloading  them.  If you are using  Xmodem,  you
         must  supply a filename after the FUL  command  so
         CIX  will  know  the  name of  the  file  you  are
         uploading.
         
         To upload a file JOIN the conference and topic you
         want to upload a file into and type FUL, supplying
         a  filename if you are using Xmodem. CIX will tell
         you  the file transfer protocol you are using.  At
         this  point  set your software to  send  the  file
         using  the same protocol that CIX is set  up  for.
         You will have to tell your software which file you
         want to send. Once the transfer is completed,  CIX
         will  tell you whether the transfer was successful
         or  not  and  tell you the actual  time  taken  to
         transfer  the  file. If you have had problems,  it
         will  also tell you what was going wrong and  give
         you some suggestions.
         
         After you have successfully uploaded a file, it is
         not made available immediately. You should send  a
         mail  message  to the moderator of the  conference
         asking him to make the file available. This allows
         the  moderator  to  check the file,  and  list  it
         appropriately  in  the  FLIST.  To  find  out  the
         moderator's  name, type SHOW <confname>  from  the
         Main: prompt.
         
FILE TRANSFER PROTOCOLS.
         Many  questions  have been asked  about  the  file
         downloading protocols, mainly which one is best.
         
         Now,  this  will  depend on  your  setup  and  the
         differences can be massive and marginal  depending
         upon which protocols you are talking about.
         
         We  recommend  in  every situation  using  Zmodem.
         Zmodem  (OPTION  DOWNLOAD  ZMODEM  QUIT)  is  very
         robust  across noisy and clean lines, if the  line
         does hang up half way through, you can pick up the
         download  from where it stopped instead of  having
         to start again, and it is very fast.
         
         Ymodem-G  (OPTION  DOWNLOAD YMODEM  QUIT  and  use
         YMODEM  -G on your comms package) is 1  or  2  cps
         faster  because  it does no error correction  thus
         must be run over an error corrected link.
         
         Some  versions  of Kermit (OPTION DOWNLOAD  KERMIT
         QUIT) are as fast as Zmodem, however many are not.
         Only kermit with sliding windows can come close to
         the  Zmodem  or  Ymodem-G  throughput.  Kermit  is
         however very very robust.
         
         Ymodem  batch is ok (OPTION DOWNLOAD  YMODEM  QUIT
         and  use Ymodem Batch at your end) but if you have
         it is slower than most but is quite robust.
         
         Xmodem  (OPTION  DOWNLOAD XMODEM QUIT)  is  pretty
         hopeless but in some situations is the only  thing
         that works or the only thing you have.
         
         UPLOADING FILES
         See  comments under Downloading Files, all  points
         are  valid to uploading as well, just replace  the
         FDL in the previous commands with FUL.
         
         MORE INFORMATION
         You  will  find  more  information  about  modems,
         speeds,  error  correction, data  compression  and
         modem setups in the chapter "Connecting To CIX."
         
         
------------------------------------------------------------
CHAT IN DEPTH

INTRODUCTION
         Chat is the CIX method of communicating with other
         'Cixen'  in  real  time, (as  if  talking  to  one
         another).  You may chat to as many people  as  you
         wish  at the same time, though of course they must
         all  be  on-line at the time, and  more  than  one
         person can chat back to you simultaneously.

HOW DOES IT WORK?
         To  enter chat mode, you must already be listening
         for  chat. You can check on this by using the  WHO
         command.  If  you are in CIX's verbose  mode  (the
         default),  your name, and the names of  all  those
         listening  for  chat  will  have  the   words   is
         listening against their names:

         Main: WHO
         mat is listening
         nich
         fthorn is listening
         Main:
         
         This  means that mat, nich and fthorn are on  CIX,
         and  mat  and  fthorn are listening for  chat.  In
         CIX's  terse mode, people listening are identified
         in  the who command with an asterisk against their
         names:

         M: WHO
         mat*        nich        fthorn*
         * = listening
         
         If  you  are  not listening for chat, the  command
         CHAT  ON  will place you in 'listening  for  chat'
         mode.  The  opposite of this command is  CHAT  OFF
         which will stop people being able to talk to  you.
         CIX  will  place you temporarily in chat off  mode
         when  you  are  downloading a file or  entering  a
         message.  To enter chat mode, decide to  whom  you
         wish  to  chat, then type (at either the Main:  or
         the  Read: prompt) CHAT <username>. If you  simply
         type  CHAT with no username, you will be  shown  a
         list  of who is on-line, and invited to enter  who
         you  wish  to  chat  to.  If  the  user  you  have
         requested to chat with is either not listening for
         chat,  or is not on-line, you will get the message
         username  is  not listening/not in and  be  placed
         back  at  the Main: prompt. Otherwise you will  be
         placed into chat mode, and the person you wish  to
         chat to will receive the following message:

         *CHAT*
         *<username> would like to chat with you*
         *CHATEND*
         
         To  get  in contact with you, they must then  type
         CHAT  <username> where username is your  nickname.
         The two of you will then be in contact. If you are
         listening for Chat and receive a similar  message,
         saying  someone wants to chat to you, again,  it's
         simply  a case of typing CHAT and the name of  the
         user who wants to chat with you.

CHAT FROM THE INSIDE
         The first message you will get when you enter chat
         is:

         Type /help for help
         
         The  > is the Chat prompt, and tells you that  you
         are  in Chat mode, and anything you type, will now
         be  sent to the other people you are chatting  to.
         Help is available from inside chat by typing /HELP
         or  /H.  All chat commands start with a /  in  the
         first  column  of  the screen, and  all  have  one
         letter  abbreviations. A full explanation of  each
         command is given later.

         In  chat mode, all that you type (except commands)
         are  sent  to all the people that you are chatting
         to.  Each line of text will appear with your  user
         name  in  front  of it. (This is  for  clarity  in
         situations  where more that 2 people are  chatting
         together!). A typical display might be:

         <mat>: Hello, do you need any help?..
         
         showing that "mat" has just sent a line of text to
         me  in  chat  mode.  You  can  also  send  private
         messages to people you are chatting to, or who are
         listening   for  chat  using  the  /M   <username>
         <message>  or /MSG <username> <message>  commands.
         They will receive the messages in exactly the same
         wayas  normal,  except  that  your  name  will  be
         enclosed in >< instead of <>. An example might be:

         >mat<: This is a private message!
         
         If  you want to talk to more than one person,  you
         can  add in extra people to chat to, using the  /A
         command.  The  syntax  is /A <username>  or  /ALSO
         <username>.  This creates a link between  you  and
         the extra person, and puts the <username> wants to
         chat to you message up on his screen.

         If  you are chatting to more than one person,  and
         you  want to stop chatting to someone, use the  /X
         command.  The syntax is /X <username>  or  /XCLUDE
         <username>. This destroys the link between you and
         them from your direction. Remember, they can still
         chat  to you until either they do a /X or a  /QUIT
         command, or until you turn off Chat.

         The  WHO command is available for you from  inside
         Chat, by use of the /W or /WHO command.

         A  command similar to the WHO command is the /L or
         /LIST  command. This, instead of showing you those
         people  currently on-line, simply shows you  those
         people *you* are currently talking to.

         You  are still able to show people's resumes  from
         inside  chat  too,  by use of the  /R  or  /RESUME
         command.  The syntax is: /R <username> or  /RESUME
         <username>. The resume is presented in exactly the
         same way as in the SHOW RESUME command.

         The  final two commands in chat are to set up  the
         chat environment to match your computer system  or
         terminal. In a standard communications link,  each
         character  you type is sent along the phone  lines
         to  the CIX computer, which echoes it back to your
         screen.  Some  communications programs  have  chat
         modes  of  their own, which allows them  to  split
         your screen into two windows (areas), one for what
         you  type,  and  one  for what you  receive.  This
         special  chat mode often uses what's called  local
         echo, where the communications program echoes what
         you type for you, instead of waiting for CIX to do
         so. Under these circumstances you need to turn the
         echo  from  CIX off to avoid seeing each character
         twice on your screen.

         To  allow  you to do this, the /N command  exists.
         The  syntax is /N or /NOECHO This disables the CIX
         echo  while you are in chat mode. Immediately  you
         re-enter  normal CIX (after doing the /Q  command)
         normal  echo  will be restored. If you  experiment
         with  the  /N command, and find it does  not  work
         well  with  your system, the /E command exists  to
         turn echo back on.

CHAT COMMANDS
         Short and Long commands Description
         /q        /quit         quit the chat system
         /n        /noecho       disable  echo  of  your
                                 typing
         /e        /echo         re-enable echo
         /w        /who          who is online
         /r        /resume       show resume of user
         /h        /help         display this message
         /a        /also         also   speak   to
                                 another user
         /m        /msg          send private message  to
                                 user
         /x        /xclude       don't 'also' speak to
         /l        /list         list  who  you  are
                                 chatting to

         For  more  details  type HELP CHAT  at  the  Main:
         prompt.

         QUITTING CHAT
         /Q  or /QUIT is used to exit the chat system,  and
         get  back  to  the  Main:  CIX  prompt.  Remember,
         although /Q removes all the links you have started
         to  chat  to people, it removes NONE of the  links
         that  other people have made to chat to  you!  You
         will still receive chat from the other people  you
         have been chatting to until either they remove the
         links  using /X or /Q, or until you use  the  CHAT
         OFF command to stop listening to chat.

         USING CHAT IN YOUR COMMS PROGRAM
         /N  or /NOECHO disables the echo from CIX of  each
         character  that you type. Normally each  character
         you  type is sent along the phone lines to the CIX
         computer,  which  echoes it back to  your  screen.
         With  this command in force, you will not see what
         you  are  typing under normal circumstances.  Some
         communications  programs have  "chat  mode"  which
         allows them to split your screen into two windows,
         one  for  what  you  type, and one  for  what  you
         receive. This special chat mode often uses  what's
         called  local  echo, and under these circumstances
         you  turn  echo off from CIX to avoid seeing  each
         character twice on your screen.

         /E  or /ECHO is the opposite of the above command.
         If  you use /N by accident, then /E will cancel it
         out, and return you to normal operation.

         WHO IS ONLINE FROM WITHIN CHAT
         /W  or  /WHO  is the chat equivalent  of  the  WHO
         command.

         READING RESUMES FROM WITHIN CHAT
         /R  or /RESUME is the chat equivalent of the  SHOW
         RESUME  command  in CIX, it produces  exactly  the
         same  output  as  the standard  command.  Use  the
         syntax /R <username>.

         HELP WITHIN CHAT
         /H or /HELP will produce the CIX chat help screen.

         CHATTING TO MORE THAN ONE CIX USER
         /A  or /ALSO is used for adding more users to  the
         chat   currently  in  progress.   Refer   to   the
         description earlier. Use the syntax /A <username>.

         PRIVATE MESSAGES
         /M  or /MSG sends a private message to a user. The
         user  must  be on-line and listening  to  chat  to
         receive the message. When he receives it, it  will
         be identified as a private message, as the name of
         the user sending it will be enclosed in as opposed
         to    the    normal.    Use    the    syntax    /M
         <username><message>.

         STOP CHATTING TO A USER
         /X  or  /XCLUDE is the opposite of the /A command.
         It  is  used to stop talking to one of the  people
         you  are chatting to. Remember, they can still  be
         chatting to you, when you have stopped chatting to
         them!

         LIST THE USERS YOU ARE CHATTING TO
         /L  or  /LIST is similar to the /W command, except
         that  it  only lists those people you are actually
         chatting to at that time.
         
-----------------------------------------------------------

MODERATING IN DEPTH
INTRODUCTION
         Conferences are one of the main functions  of  CIX
         and   each  conference  must  have  at  least  one
         Moderator. The Moderator's role is very  important
         and,  when  carried out correctly, will  make  the
         conference work very well.
         
         This  part of the CIX manual serves as a guide  to
         Moderators  - tips on how to run an efficient  and
         successful  conference, as well as how to  perform
         the various Moderator functions.
         
BEFORE YOU BEGIN
         TYPES OF CONFERENCES
         There  are three types of conference available  on
         CIX.  Open conferences can be joined by  any  one,
         purely by entering the JOIN command. There  is  no
         restriction on membership. When a user  does  SHOW
         ALL,  the conference name is displayed with  an  o
         (for Open) in front of it.
         
         Closed conferences require that the Moderator adds
         participants  with  the ADD  PARTICIPANT  command.
         This allows the Moderator control over membership.
         The   Moderator  should  be  prepared  to   accept
         requests  for membership via the CIX mail  system.
         Closed  conferences are ideal for  committees  and
         working  groups to discuss matters which are  best
         not  discussed in the public arena. The conference
         name  is  displayed, when the user does SHOW  ALL,
         with a c (for Closed) in front of it.
         
         Confidential   conferences   are    like    closed
         conferences except that the name is not  displayed
         when   a   user  does  SHOW  ALL.  This   is   for
         confidential discussions which are of  no  general
         interest.
         
         Choose your conference type carefully. For example
         a  conference on 'pets' should be open, whereas  a
         discussion between CIX users on beta-testing a new
         product should be closed or confidential.
         
         SOME WORDS OF ADVICE
         The  most important thing to do before starting  a
         new  conference is to 'Look before you leap'!  You
         should  firstly be sure that there  is  sufficient
         interest  in  the  subject to be  covered  in  the
         conference,  and that the subject is  not  already
         covered  well enough elsewhere. Many of the  inert
         conferences on CIX would probably have been better
         served   by  a  single  topic  within   a   larger
         conference of greater scope. For example there  is
         no  point in creating a new conference to  discuss
         an obscure language compiler when you are the only
         person  you know who uses it! Far better  to  have
         asked  for  a new topic in the language conference
         covering  all versions of your favourite language.
         Join  a conference on CIX called conference, there
         is  a  topic here called suggestions in which  you
         can ask other users if there is any call to set up
         a  particular conference. There is also a topic in
         conference called announcements, this is where you
         tell  all  CIX users about any new conference  you
         have set up.
         
         A   final   thing  you  should  realise  is   that
         moderating a conference is something that takes  a
         great  deal of time and effort to do well. If  you
         are  not a regular CIX caller then there is simply
         no point in attempting it, as users will very soon
         become  irritated  at the delays  before  uploaded
         files are made available, and messages to you  are
         answered.  You  will very soon find  yourself  the
         only 'active' conference member. If you cannot  be
         sure  that  you  will  be around  for  maintenance
         regularly,   then   you   should   perhaps    give
         consideration to co-moderating instead.
         
         KEEPING THE POT BOILING
         It is quite likely that a new conference will need
         to be stirred up quite regularly in its early days
         if  it  is  to germinate properly. To do this  you
         should reply to as many messages as possible,  and
         also  start  up as many conversations as  you  can
         manage yourself.
         
         One  lesson  you quickly learn is that 'beginners'
         are  worth their weight in gold. Quite often  they
         are nervous about speaking up for fear of sounding
         stupid before such 'learned' company. Far from it!
         It  is  often  these basic questions that  gets  a
         discussion going, and can often end up in  greater
         enlightenment   for   those  who   thought   their
         understanding was enough already.
         
         It   helps  to  be  quite  opinionated,  as   this
         encourages  participants with  opposing  views  to
         join  in  a  discussion against you,  however  you
         should at all times try to be constructive in your
         comments.  Attacking  the  favourite  pastime   or
         product  of  another participant does  not  always
         encourage  discussion. It may only encourage  that
         person to go elsewhere.
         
         In  the  same  vein,  you  should  watch  out  for
         offensive  or  abusive  message  left   by   other
         participants.  Remove these messages  immediately,
         and  without  comment. Making  a  comment  (except
         perhaps,   privately,  by   mail)   simply   draws
         attention to the offensive nature of the  message.
         Abusive  messages  can often  result  from  raging
         discussion,   in   which  case   the   participant
         responsible   is  not  particularly   useful.   On
         occasion however a forum such as CIX attracts what
         can  only be described as a 'nut', who will  leave
         offensive   messages   at   random   in   whatever
         conference comes to view.
         
CREATING A CONFERENCE
         THE CONFERENCE TOPICS
         Having decided to start a new conference, you need
         to   decide   what  the  topics  will   be.   Most
         conferences  will  benefit by  starting  off  with
         these four, but of course its up to you:-
         
         DIGEST:       A read  only topic updated regularly,
                       which  contains  a  summary  of   the
                       activity   in   other  topics.   This
                       allows  latecomers to your conference
                       to   find   messages  of   particular
                       importance  to  them,  and  also   to
                       bring  themselves quickly up to  date
                       with the kind of subjects covered  so
                       far.
         
         GENERAL:      This topic  will be used for  general
                       discussion  related  to  the  subject
                       matter of the conference.
         
         LONG.MESSAGES:     You  should not encourage  users
                       to  leave very long messages  in  the
                       general  area. This tends to irritate
                       readers  who  are not  interested  in
                       the    particular    subject    under
                       discussion.  Long messages  are  best
                       uploaded as files into the file  area
                       and referenced in the general topic.
         
         FILES:        Where    files    related   to    the
                       conference  are  kept,  both  in  the
                       flist and in the message area.
         
CREATING YOUR CONFERENCE
         The  general Moderator command is MODERATE or  MOD
         which  you type at the Main: prompt. To  create  a
         new conference called Building the command is:-
         
         Main: MOD NEW BUILDING
         
         CIX will firstly ask if you want the conference to
         be  Closed and, if you do, asks if you wish it  to
         be Confidential as well.
         
         CIX will prompt you for names and descriptions  of
         the  initial  topics in your conference.  Use  the
         topic names outlined above as a guide. You will be
         asked  for  each topic whether you  wish  to  keep
         files  there.  The only initial topic  where  this
         will be the case is with the 'files' topic.
         
         Finally, you will want to make the 'digest'  topic
         read  only,  because you are the only  person  who
         will  be  leaving messages there. To do  this  you
         type:
         
         Mod: RDONLY DIGEST
         
         Having  created  all  of the  initial  topics  you
         should then leave an introductory message in each.
         These  basically just say 'hello and this is  what
         this topic is all about'.
         Here  is  an  example  of  someone  setting  up  a
         conference  called Building using  the  conference
         name and topics mentioned above.
         
         Main: MOD NEW BUILDING
         Closed (y/n)? n
         Enter one line conference description.
         Description: For builders to exchange info and
         tips.
         Topicname: digest Do you want to keep files here
         (y/n)? n
         Description of digest: Find the info you want
         quickly
         Quit or another topicname: general
         Do you want to keep files here (y/n)? n
         Description of general: General stuff about
         building
         Quit or another topicname: files
         Do you want to keep files here (y/n)? y
         Description of files: Upload files for Builders
         here.
         Quit or another topicname: quit
         Use 'Add Participants' to add initial members.
         Mod: RDONLY DIGEST
         
MODERATING CONFERENCES
         Ok,  now  you have set the conference up, you  may
         want  to  add  an  initial 'float'  of  conference
         participants,  in  order to  get  the  discussions
         going.   Do   this   using  the  ADD   PARTICIPANT
         <username> command, i.e.
         
         Mod: ADD PARTICIPANT MAT FTHORN STHORN
         
         as   you   see  it  is  possible  to  add  several
         participants  with a single ADD PART  command.  Be
         very  careful  who  you add to a conference,  some
         people  don't  like to be added by the  Moderator,
         they prefer to JOIN themselves or (in the case  of
         a Closed conference) to ask before being added.
         
         Later  on  in the conference's life,  you  may  be
         asked  to  add further topics. This is very  easy,
         just  use  the command ADD TOPIC and CIX will  ask
         you for a topic to add.
         
         To leave the Moderator sub-system simply type Q at
         the  Mod: prompt, you will find yourself  back  to
         wherever you called the Moderator sub-system from.
         To  get  back into the moderating sub-system,  you
         just  type  MOD when you are in the  conference  /
         topic you want to moderate. You may also type  MOD
         <confname> from the Main: prompt if you wish.
         
         WITHDRAWING MESSAGES
         As  Moderator of the conference, you are  free  to
         withdraw  messages which you feel are not relevant
         to the topic, and allow you to maintain a level of
         control  over the conference proceedings. You  can
         do  this  while  you  are reading  the  conference
         normally, with the WITHDRAW command (e.g. WITHDRAW
         123 marks message 123 as 'deleted by Moderator')
         
         CONFERENCE NOTE
         When  you  SHOW  a conference, you  sometimes  get
         extra  text,  telling you about the conference  in
         more  detail than just a list of topics.  This  is
         called  the Conference note. As Moderator you  can
         create  and edit this text by typing NOTE  at  the
         Mod:  prompt.  You  will then  be  placed  in  the
         standard editor and can enter the text.
         
         VOTING SYSTEM
         Many  people  asked for a way of taking  a  'straw
         poll'  of  opinions on CIX. To this end,  we  have
         added  the  Voting messages. These are denoted  by
         the words 'Voting Message' in the header. They are
         not meant for life and death decisions, but purely
         as an opinion tester.
         ONLY  the  Moderator may create a voting  message.
         This  is  done with the VOTE command at  the  Mod:
         prompt.  Enter  VOTE and CIX  will  prompt  for  a
         topic. Enter a topic and then CIX will prompt  for
         a  message  number. Enter a message number.  (This
         cannot  be  a deleted message). CIX will redisplay
         the  message. You can then enter 9 lines of up  to
         40  characters of options, and to finish the list,
         enter  the  word QUIT. You then have a  chance  to
         modify  any  of  the lines (But  at  present,  you
         cannot add or delete options). Once you are happy,
         answer  'yes'  to  the 'Do you want  to  change..'
         question  and  CIX will prompt you again  to  make
         sure  you  are  happy with what you have  set  up.
         (Answer  'no'  and you are returned  to  the  Mod:
         prompt).
         
         Note  1:  this  is  a one time only  routine.  You
         cannot  overwrite existing voting options or  edit
         them.
         
         Note  2:  if you are keeping Files in that  topic,
         you will notice with the FDIR command files by the
         names  like 10.opts, 10.vots. These are the voting
         administration  files. DON'T delete  them  or  add
         them to the Flist.
         
         ADDING AND REMOVING MODERATORS
         You  may need help moderating your conference. You
         do this by adding a Co-moderator, or Co-moderators
         who   have  exactly  the  same  authority  in  the
         conference  as you do. To add a Co-moderator  type
         COMOD <username> from the Mod: prompt, to remove a
         Co-moderator type EXMOD <username> from  the  Mod:
         prompt.
         
         You should be warned that any co moderator has the
         same abilities as you so can COMOD other users  or
         even  EXMOD you so make sure you choose moderators
         you can trust.
         
         TOPIC SIZE
         There is a limit to the size of each topic on CIX.
         If  you want to see how much room the messages  in
         the  current topic take up, and how close  to  the
         limit,  enter  TOPICSIZE at the Mod:  prompt.  The
         maximum size a topic can grow to at present  is  2
         megabytes, we are intending to increase or abolish
         this limit at some time in the near future.
         
         PRUNING CONFERENCES
         Withdrawn  messages are not physically deleted  by
         CIX  so  if  you are running short of space  in  a
         topic,  you  may  wish  to physically  remove  the
         withdrawn messages in that topic. To do this  type
         PRUNE at the Mod: prompt. The topic is temporarily
         made read-only while the topic is reorganised,  so
         you should consider doing this at a non busy time,
         if possible.
         
FILES IN CONFERENCES
         FILE MAINTENANCE
         Now you have a conference, what about putting some
         files  in it for people to download. Keeping  with
         our  example conference called building,  we  have
         set  up a topic called files in which we have said
         we want to keep files. The first step is of course
         to upload some files into it. To do this you would
         just  join  the  building  conference  as  normal,
         choose the files topic and type FUL to upload  the
         file  (see  the  chapter Files in Depth  for  more
         information).  Conference  participants  may  also
         upload files to a conference topic, and it is  one
         of  the  functions of the moderator to  watch  for
         this  and  to make the file available for download
         after  checking that the file is intact, and  that
         the participant was entitled to upload it.
         
         Once  a  file  has  been  uploaded,  to  make   it
         available to other participants, you will have  to
         add a line to a text file that says where the file
         is,  what its called and a description of what  it
         does.  This  file  is called the Flist,  but  more
         about that later.
         
         Files  on  CIX  may be stored in two  places,  the
         first  is  the conference topic it was  originally
         uploaded  to.  If  you  are  a  Moderator  of  the
         conference  you are currently joined to,  you  can
         get  a  list of files using the FDIR command  from
         the  Read: prompt. These are files that have  been
         uploaded,  but  are unavailable  to  participants,
         until  the  file name appears in the Flist.  These
         files can only be made available for download from
         the  topic they are in. As the lists of  files  in
         your  topics  gets larger, you may  find  it  hard
         keeping track of the files in the FDIR list  which
         already  appear  in  the  participants  file  list
         (Flist).   There   is  a  command   available   to
         conference  Moderators  called  ORPHANS  which  is
         available from the Mod: prompt. This simply  lists
         the files in the FDir which are not already in the
         Flist.
         
         The second place files may be stored is called the
         Filepool. The Moderator of any conference may make
         any  files  in the Filepool available. A  list  of
         these  files  is  available in a  conference/topic
         called  filepool/thelot, there are a lot of  files
         in the Filepool. An example of a program stored in
         the  Filepool is the file pkz204g.exe which  is  a
         archiving  / de-archiving program and is  required
         to  de-archive files with an .zip extension.  This
         file  is  put, automatically, into every Flist  in
         every conference, even though it is only stored in
         one place.
         
         To  make a file available you firstly need to find
         out  where it is. Lets assume you want to make two
         files available, one you have just uploaded called
         database.zip  and  one from  the  Filepool  called
         pkunzip.exe.  Next, you need  to  edit  the  topic
         files  list  (Flist). To do this  from  the  Main:
         prompt type:
         
         Main: MOD <CONFNAME> FLIST <TOPIC>
         
         You  will  be taken into the standard  CIX  editor
         with  a copy of the Flist for that topic. See  the
         chapter “Editing In Depth” for information on  how
         to use the CIX editors.
         The  format  for  making a file  available  is  as
         follows:
         
         c|<filename>|description
         
         Note: the | is a pipe character, ASCII 124.
         
         The c| tells CIX that the file can be found in the
         current topic. The filename is of course the  name
         of  the  file  you  want to  make  available.  The
         description is your description of the  file.  The
         c|  and  the filename must be in lower  case,  the
         filename  must include the file extension,  if  it
         has one.
         
         So,  to add the two files into the file list, once
         inside the editor and in appending mode, you would
         type:
         
         c|database.arc|Database program for builders.
         f|pkxarc.exe|Program to make database.arc usable.
         
         Notice the f| for the file pkxarc.exe, this  tells
         CIX  that  the file is stored in the Filepool,  as
         opposed  to  c|  which tells  CIX  that  the  file
         database.arc is stored in the current topic.
         Exit  from the editor and - presto! - the file  is
         now available for download.
         You  can also keep your own notes and comments  in
         the   flist  (which  will  not  be  seen  by   any
         participants) with the # symbol.
         
         #||<comment>
         
         And  you are able to add explanatory text to  your
         flist,  first  by  omitting the leading  character
         like so:
         
         ||any text
         
         And  secondly,  by using the '.' character,  which
         unlike  omitting the letter, makes  the  text  you
         enter appear indented when it is displayed to  the
         user. For example:
         
         .||any text
         
         With  these  commands  you can  format  the  Flist
         anyway you like. Here's a simple example.
         
         #|| My Flist (Last updated 10 July 1994) ||
         ||Filename     Size Description
         ||==============
         || f|pk361.exe|The file packer/unpacker used by CIX.
         || c|database.arc|Database program for builders,
         .|| written by John Bloggs, 10/4/94.
         || f|pkxarc.exe|Smaller version of the file
         unpacker.
         || ||End of File List.
         
         will appear to the user as this...
         
         Read: FLIST
         Filename     Size  Description
         ===============================
         pkx361.exe   70656  The file packer/unpacker used
         by CIX.
         database.arc 15932  Database program for builders.
         pkxarc.exe   15722  Smaller version of the file
         unpacker.
         End of the File List
         
         As  Moderator you have the ability to examine  the
         directory for a particular topic, to erase  files,
         to  copy  files into the Filepool or  to  download
         files  which  are  not  yet  available  to  normal
         participants. These commands are executed from the
         Read: prompt in the conference topic the files you
         want to manipulate are in.
         
         FDIR <filename>    Show  directory for the  current
         topic.
         
         FDL <filename>     Download  <filename>  from  the
         current topic.
         
         FUL <filename>     Upload   <filename>   to   the
         current topic.
         
         ERA <filename>     Delete   <filename>  from   the
         current topic.
         
         REN <file1> file2> Renames <file1> to <file2>
         
         FEXPORT <filename> Copy  the  named  file  into  the
         filepool for general use.
         
-------------------------------------------------------------
THE INTERNET SUBSYSTEM
INTRODUCTION
         CIX has a direct connection into the Internet.
         
         The  Internet  is  a  network  of  computers  that
         stretches around the world. These connections  can
         be  anything from a serial cable to a fibre  optic
         link.  Data  is  usually  transmitted  down  these
         channels,  but  because  of  the  extra  bandwidth
         available,  the connected sites allow their  users
         to  access the connections. This allows access  to
         this  network  with the ability to  log  onto  any
         computer  that allows you to. This opens doors  to
         online databases, file servers, online games, chat
         servers  and so on. There are thousands of  public
         access, and part public access systems out there.
         
         You  access  the Internet subsystem by  typing  GO
         INTERNET at either the Main: or Read: prompt. Once
         you  get into the CIX Internet program you  should
         get  an ip> prompt. From there, there are a  range
         of different things you could do.
         
         You  could  use  the  TELNET  program  to  connect
         yourself  to  one  of  the  thousands  of   online
         services  also  connected to  the  Internet.  This
         could  be anything: perhaps a multi-user  game,  a
         NASA  database,  a  Chat server with  hundreds  of
         people  on  it,  or the computer in your  American
         office!
         
         You could use the FTP program to connect to a file
         server. Using this program you can pull files off,
         or  put  file  onto other computers, assuming  you
         have  permission. On many file servers there is  a
         public  directory  which will allow  you  to  pull
         files off it.
         
         To connect to another computer using either Telnet
         or  FTP, you need to know its adddress. Addressing
         is   similar   to   the  current   external   mail
         addressing,  except  you  usually  only  need   to
         specify   the  computer's  address;  for   example
         ftp.uu.net.  Sometimes you  will  be  expected  to
         quote  a  port number at that site to connect  to:
         this normally happens with multi user games.
         
         The   Internet  subsystem  carries  no  additional
         charges.  There  is a vast amount  of  information
         there: go and search!
         
         Files   containing  more  information  about   the
         Internet  can  be found in the File  list  of  the
         internet topic of the cix conference, and also  in
         the internet conference.
         
COMMAND LIST
         ADDRESS
         Usage:        ADDRESS <text>
         
         The  Internet  is often daunting, especially  when
         you  know a subject you are looking for, but don't
         know what site, or address contains information on
         your subject.
         
         The  ADDRESS command will hopefully help you  find
         what you want. For example, type: ADDRESS AMIGA to
         pull  out  all the information we store  on  sites
         which have something to do with Amiga computers.
         
         DIR
         Usage:        DIR
         
         Produce  a listing of your CIX IP directory.  This
         is  where files that you have pulled from  another
         computer  using FTP are stored: you can  then  use
         the  GET  command  to download them  to  your  own
         machine.
         
         ERASE
         Usage:        ERASE <filename>
         
         Will erase a file from your IP directory.
         
         FINGER
         Usage         FINGER @ <site> or
                       FINGER <user>@<site>
         
         Allows you to get more information about a site or
         user who is currently online at a site.
         For instance:
         
         FINGER @EROS.UKNET.AC.UK
         
         Will tell you all the people currently logged into
         that computer.
         
         FINGER ROOT@EROS.UKNET.AC.UK
         
         Will  tell  you  more information about  the  user
         root.
         
         FTP
         Usage:        FTP or FTP <site>
         
         FTP  stands for File Transfer Protocol. It is used
         to   transfer  files  across  networks  from   one
         computer to another. Type FTP <site> to connect to
         the site which holds the files you want to get.
         
         When  you ftp somewhere you will be asked to enter
         a  username. Usually, when you connect to a public
         file  server, you should use 'FTP' as a  username.
         You  will  then  be asked for your  password.  The
         normal thing to do at this point is to enter  your
         email address, ie <nickname>@cix.compulink.co.uk.
         
         You  should now have an ftp> prompt. From here you
         have many command options. The important ones  for
         you will probably be:
         
         LS  [<filename>]     Find what files  are  in  the
         current directory.
         
         CD <directory> Change to another directory.
         
         PWD            Display  the current  directory  on
         FTP machine.
         
         GET <filename> Get  a file: copy  it  to  your  IP
         directory.
         
         MGET <filename>Get  multiple  files  (using
         wildcards.)
         
         PROMPT         Toggle prompting on or off,  useful
         for  use  with  mget. Normally  you  are  prompted
         before  download  each file. Use this  command  to
         switch prompting off.
         
         BINARY          Some  sites  do  not  turn  binary
         transfers  on automatically. Use this  command  to
         turn it on if needed.
         
         STATUS         Display  current  status,  you  can
         tell from this if you are currently connected, and
         if you have CR stripping on.
         
         If  you  have  problems then  watch  out  for  the
         following things:
         
         Are you sure you logged in properly? Use STATUS to
         see if you are connected.
         
         Are you sure you are in the right place to get the
         file  you want from? Use LS <filename> to see  the
         file.
         
         Most  of  these sites are Unix computers and  case
         does matter on filenames.
         
         INTERNET GOPHERS
         Usage:   GOPHER
         
         Gopher is in Go For this, Go For that.
         
         This program is a menu driven categorised database
         which lets you know what  information is available
         on  which  information provider on which site.  It
         will allow you to connect to that site and even to
         mail yourself the text file you wanted to get from
         that information resource.
         
         IRC
         Usage:             IRC
         
         IRC  stands for Internet Relay Chat. There  are  a
         number of machines attached to the Internet  which
         are IRC servers. These machines allow users to log
         into  them and to send various messages  to  other
         users.  The beauty of these servers is  that  they
         all  talk to each other so if you are on a  server
         in  London, you can chat to all the people on  all
         the other servers in the world.
         
         Our  IRC client simply attaches itself to a  local
         IRC  server  and has a line at the bottom  of  the
         screen which you can  type in whilst all the other
         messages  from other users scrolls in  the  window
         above.   You  will  need  some  kind  of  terminal
         emulation to get this to work  properly,  we  find
         vt100 works fine. When you get into IRC, not  very
         much happens, this is because IRC is split up into
         channels. Type /LIST to list all channels, and use
         CTRL-S to pause the display and again to start  it
         up again (because of software flow control at your
         end  you  may have to use CTRL-Q first)  and  then
         type /JOIN <channel>. You will notice that all the
         channels  have a # before them, you  must  include
         this  when  referring  to a channel.  Some  useful
         commands:
         
         You can type /LIST <text> which will list channels
         with <text> in them.
         
         You  can  type /WHO <channel> which will tell  you
         who is currently using that particular channel
         
         You  can type /JOIN <channel> to join a particular
         channel
         
         You  can  type  /MSG <user> <message>  to  send  a
         private message to particular user.
         
         And  perhaps most importantly, type /QUIT  to  get
         out of it :-)
         
         Type  /HELP  to get complete help once inside  the
         IRC  client.  You will find many of  the  commands
         listed in the help do not work. This is because we
         have  had  to take them out and unfortunately  the
         IRC  server is providing you with the help  so  we
         have no control over it.
         
         LS
         Usage:        LS
         
         Display the contents of your IP directory.
         
         OPT
         Usage:        OPT DOWNLOAD {W or Z or Y or X}
                       OPT WINDOW <window_size>
                       OPT TERM <term_type>
         
         Although  you should set up your options  in  your
         CIX  Profile  for  use  within  the  Internet  sub
         system,  there may be times when you need to  test
         things or need to quickly use a different terminal
         emulation.  The OPT command is provided  to  allow
         this.
         
         <window_size> defines the zmodem window size which
         is used for downloading.
         
         <term_type> is the terminal emulation  we  do  for
         you.
         
         After the option system has run, you will be shown
         the  current option, if you just type OPT  on  its
         own you will be shown the current options.
         PING
         Usage:        PING <site>
         
         To  see if a site is alive, type ping and the site
         you want to check. This will send a stick over the
         network,  poke the site and report if it is  alive
         or not.
         
         Sometimes useful to check if you have a site  name
         right,  or test a site is up before telnetting  to
         it.
         
         QUIT
         Usage:        QUIT
         
         This will quit from the Internet subsystem and put
         you back into CIX.
         
         RECEIVE
         Usage:        RECEIVE
         
         This  command enables you to take a file from your
         computer and upload it to your IP directory.  This
         can  be used when you want to ftp to a remote site
         and  put  that  file  into  a  directory  on  that
         computer.
         
         The   Internet  system  gets  the  file   transfer
         protocol from your CIX Profile which you can  edit
         from within CIX by typing EDIT PROFILE.
         
         RENAME
         Usage:        RENAME <oldname> <newname>
         
         If you have a comms package which cannot cope with
         long filenames, or filenames with too many dots in
         them  then you can rename them to a filename  your
         computer will accept.
         
         SEND
         Usage:        SEND <filename>
         
         Send  a  file from your CIX IP directory  to  your
         computer. Specify the filename, or a wildcard,  or
         even multiple files and your computer should start
         receiving the file. If you doesn't you may have to
         initiate a Zmodem download yourself.
         
         The   Internet  system  gets  the  file   transfer
         protocol from your CIX Profile which you can  edit
         from within CIX by typing EDIT PROFILE.
         
         TELNET
         Usage:        TELNET or TELNET  <site>
         
         This  command connects you across the Internet  to
         the  site you specify. You can then log into  this
         site (assuming you have access) and work from this
         computer.
         
         TRACE
         Usage:        TRACE <site>
         
         It  is sometimes useful to trace the computers you
         go  through  to get to a certain site.  Often  the
         more  sites  you go through the slower  a  session
         will  be.  Use trace to see: How many  sites  your
         connection must travel through. How fast each link
         or  site is. Which destination site would be  most
         efficient for you to use.
         
         VIEW
         Usage:        VIEW <filename>
         
         View  a  file.  Either text or binary,  though  we
         suggest  that it's difficult to make  sense  of  a
         binary file when viewing it!
         
         View  puts you in a pager, you can go up and  down
         the  file,  view  more than one and  skip  between
         files, and carry out searches in the file.
         
         Here are the commands:
         
         q        Quit  the  pager and return to  the  ip>
         prompt
         
         j        Go forward 1 line
         
         k        Go backwards 1 line
         
         f        Go forward a page (24 lines)
         
         b        Go backwards a page (24 lines)
         
         g        Go to the top of the file
         
         G        Go to the end of the file
         
         N        Go  the  the next file in  the  list  of
         files to view
         
         P        Go  to the previous file in the list  of
         files to view
         
         /<text>  Start a forward search
         
         ?<text>  Start a reverse search
         
         n        Find the next occurence of <text>
         
         r        Redraw the screen
         
         =        Print  more information about  the  file
         being viewed
         WHOIS
         Usage:        WHOIS <name>
         
         Whois  searches for an TCP/IP directory entry  for
         an  identifier  which is  either a name  (such  as
         "Smith") or a handle (such as "SRI-NIC"). You  can
         force  a  name only search by preceding  the  name
         with  a period; you can force a handle only search
         by preceding the handle with an exclamation point.
         
         If  you  are searching for a group or organization
         entry, you can have the entire membership list  of
         the  group  displayed with the record by preceding
         the argument with '*' (an asterisk).
         
         You  may  of course use an exclamation  point  and
         asterisk, or a period and asterisk together.
         
         Examples:
         whois   Smith         looks  for  name  or  handle
         SMITH.
         
         whois  \!SRI-NIC         looks for handle  SRI-NIC
         only.
         
         whois  '.Smith,  John'    looks  for  name  ``John
         Smith'' only.
         
         Adding  '...' to the name or handle argument  will
         match  anything from that point; that is,  'ZU...'
         will match ZUL, ZUM, and so on.
         

    BATCH FTP
         
         Usage:        BATCHFTP <ftp_site> <path/filename>
         
         CIX's  Internet facilities have always  meant  you
         have  to  FTP  to a site, and carry out  any  file
         transfers  online.  The ARCHIE  and  the  BATCHFTP
         commands should change this.
         
         The  BATCHFTP command allows you to batch  up  ftp
         requests,  and to have CIX carry out the  transfer
         of the file in the background. This enables you to
         go  away  and do something else on CIX whilst  the
         FTP transfer is occuring, you can even log off and
         come  back  on  later to pick your files  up.  The
         files  are  stored like everything else done  from
         the Internet subsystem at the ip> prompt. A status
         file  is  also  included in this  directory  which
         lists  each of your batchftp attempts,  the  time,
         the FTP site and the file, this also tells you  if
         the batchftp command failed (and the reason) or if
         it succeeded.
         
         The  BATCHFTP  requests are dealt  with  every  20
         minutes, at 00, 20 and 40 minutes past each  hour,
         so  you  shouldn't have too long to wait for  your
         file to be transferred.
         
         We  find  the most efficient way of getting  files
         from  FTP sites is to first use the ARCHIE command
         (HELP  ARCHIE will give you more details) and  use
         the output of this to request files from FTP sites
         with BATCHFTP.
         
         The best way to explain how to use this command is
         to give an example.
         
         Say  you  wanted the file ecgdemo.zip,  which  you
         knew  was on the FTP site sunsite.unc.edu  in  the
         directory    /pub/academic/medicine/brazil-mirror.
         The command you would use is:
         
         BATCHFTP sunsite.unc.edu
         /pub/academic/medicine/brazil-mirror/ecgdemo.zip
         
         Note, the path and filename are one field.
         
         You  can then use the BATCHFTP GET command to pick
         these  files up. This will send (via your  default
         file transfer protocol) all files which appear  in
         the  batchftp.rep file, and also exist in your ip>
         directory.  Once  successfully  transferred,  each
         file  is removed, and the entry also removed  from
         the  batchftp.rep file. Any files  which  fail  to
         download  are left in your ip> directory and  also
         left in your batchftp.rep file.

 THE WORLD WIDE WEB
         
         The  WWW  project (initiated by CERN)  merges  the
         techniques of networked information and  hypertext
         to  make  an easy, but powerful global information
         system.
         The  project represents any information accessible
         over  the  network as part of a seamless hypertext
         information space.
         WWW  was  originally developed by  CERN  to  allow
         information    sharing   within    internationally
         dispersed   teams,   and  the   dissemination   of
         information  by support groups.  Originally  aimed
         at  the  High  Energy Physics  community,  it  has
         spread  to other areas and attracted much interest
         in    user   support,   resource   discovery   and
         collaborative  work areas.  It  is  currently  the
         most  advanced information system deployed on  the
         Internet, and embraces within its data model  most
         information in previous networked systems.
         In  fact,  the web is an architecture  which  will
         also  embrace  any future advances in  technology,
         including  new networks, protocols,  object  types
         and data formats.
         WWW   can  handle  a  variety  of  different  data
         formats, from plain text, to animation and sampled
         sound.  It can also access other services, such as
         gopher, news, ftp and telnet.

LYNX USER GUIDE

         Lynx  is  a fully-featured World Wide Web  (WWW)
         client.   It   will  display  hypertext   markup
         language  (HTML) hypertext documents  containing
         links  to   files residing on the local  system,
         as  well  as  files residing on remote  systems.
         Lynx  can  access  the  same  information  as  a
         graphical Web brower such as Mosaic, but  rather
         than displaying graphics, theyare downloaded  to
         your  machine  for  later viewing.CIx  hopes  to
         offer Mosaic use in the near future.
         
         LYNX ONLINE HELP
         
         Online  help  is  available  while  viewing  any
         document. Press the ? or h key to see a list  of
         help  topics. See the section titled 'Navigating
         hypertext  documents with Lynx' for  information
         on navigating through the help files.
         
         NAVIGATING HYPERTEXT DOCUMENTS WITH LYNX
         
         The  process  of moving within a hypertext  web,
         selecting  and  displaying  links  is  known  as
         "navigation."  With Lynx almost  all  navigation
         can  be accomplished with the arrow keys and the
         numeric keypad.
         
                                            +-------+-------+-------+
                                            | TOP   |/|\    | Page  |
                   arrow keys               | of    | |     | UP    |
                                            | text 7| |    8|      9|
                   +---------+              +-------+-------+-------+
                   | SELECT  |              |       |       |       |
                   | prev /|\|              | <---  |       |  ---> |
                   | link  | |              |      4|      5|      6|
         +---------+---------+---------+    +-------+-------+-------+
         |    BACK | SELECT  | DISPLAY |    | END   |   |   | Page  |
         |<-- prev | next  | | sel. -->|    | of    |   |   | DOWN  |
         |    doc. | link \|/| link    |    | text 1|  \|/ 2|      3|
         +---------+---------+---------+    +-------+-------+-------+
         
         There are also a few other keyboard commands  to
         aid   in  navigation.  Some  of  these  commands
         depend  on  the fact that Lynx keeps a  list  of
         each  file you visit called the "history  list".
         The  backspace or delete key will show  you  the
         whole  history list. Any of the documents  shown
         in  the list may be revisited by selecting  them
         from  the history screen. The m key command will
         take you back to the starting document.
         
         The  i  key presents an index of documents.  The
         default index is usually a document pointing  to
         servers around the world.
         
         If  you  choose a link to a server  with  active
         access  authorisation  Lynx  will  automatically
         prompt  for  a username and a password.  If  you
         give  the correct information, you will then  be
         served  the  requested  information.  Lynx  will
         automatically  send your username  and  password
         to the same server if it is needed again.
         
         PRINTING, MAILING, AND SAVING FILES TO DISK.
         
         Documents may be printed using the 'p'  command.
         After  pressing  the  p  key  a  menu  of  Print
         Options will be displayed. You are able to  mail
         files  to  yourself  or  others  and  print  the
         entire file to the screen.
         
         LYNX SEARCHING COMMANDS
         
         Two  commands activate searching in Lynx: /  and
         s.  While viewing a normal document use  the   /
         command  to  find  a word or phrase  within  the
         current  document. The search type  will  depend
         on  the  search  option setting in  the  options
         menu  (see below). The search options  are  case
         sensitive  and case insensitive. Some  documents
         are    designated   "index   documents".   These
         documents   can   be   searched   to    retrieve
         additional  information from  an  index  server.
         The s key allows searching of index documents.
         
         LYNX OPTIONS MENU
         
         The  Lynx  Options  Menu  may  be  accessed   by
         pressing   the   o  key.  The  following   table
         describes  the options available on the  Options
         Menu:
         
         Editor
         
         Not implemented in the CIX version
         
         DISPLAY variable
         
         Not needed in the CIX version
         
         Bookmark file
         
         Not implemented in the CIX version
         
         FTP sort criteria
         
         This  option  allows you to  specify  how  files
         will  be sorted within FTP listings. The current
         options  include  "By Filename","By  Size",  "By
         Type", and "By Date".
         
         Personal mail address
         
         This  mail address will be used to help you send
         files  to yourself and will be included  as  the
         From:  address in any mail or comments that  you
         send.  It  will also be sent as the From:  field
         in all HTTP get requests.
         
         Searching type
         
         Searching  type  has two possible  values:  CASE
         INSENSITIVE  (default) and CASE  SENSITIVE.  The
         searching  type affects inter-document  searches
         only,  and determines whether searches for words
         within  documents  will  be  done  in  a   case-
         sensitive or case-insensitive manner.
         
         VI keys
         
         If  set  to ON then the lowercase h,j,k,  and  l
         keys  will  be  mapped to left,  down,  up,  and
         right arrow, respectively.
         
         Emacs keys
         
         If  set  to ON then the CTRL-P, CTRL-N,  CTRL-F,
         and  CTRL-B  keys will be mapped  to  up,  down,
         right, and left arrows respectively.
         
         Keypad as arrows or numbered links
         
         This  option gives the choice between navigating
         with   the  arrow  keys  or  having  every  link
         numbered  so  that the links may be selected  by
         numbers as well as using the arrow keys.
         
         User Mode
         
         There   are  three  possible  choices:   Novice,
         Intermediate, and Advanced.
         Novice: Two lines of help are displayed  at  the
         bottom of the screen.
         Intermediate: Turns off the help lines.                                                                                                                                                                                                 Advanced:
         Advanced:  Displays  the  URL  of  the currently
         selected link at the bottom of the screen.

         Local execution scripts or links
         Not needed in the CIX version

         Reloading files and refreshing the display
 
         The CTRL-R command will reload and rerender the
         file that you are currently viewing.

         Leaving Lynx
 
         To exit Lynx use the q command. You will be asked
         whether you really want to quit. Answering y will
         exit  and  'n'  will  return  you  to the current
         document.  Use  q  or  CTRL-D  to   quit  without
         verification.

         Other useful commands

         g

         The  g  command  allows  any  URL  to  be  viewed.
         Pressing  the  g  command  will  bring up a prompt
         asking for a URL. Type in the URL that you wish to
         view.

         =

         The  = command shows information about the current
         document  and the currently selected link if there
         is  one.  The  number  of  lines in the file, URL,
         title, owner, and type are shown.

         z

         Press  the  z  key at any time during a connect or
         transfer  process  and the process will be halted.
         If any  data was transferred before the interrupt,
         it will be displayed.

         Additional Information

         For a tutorial introduction to HTML see:
         http://www.ncsa.uiuc.edu/demoweb/html-primer.html.

         For a quick reference guide to HTML see:
         http://kuhttp.cc.ukans.edu/lynx_help/HTML_quick.html

         For reference information on HTML see:
         http://info.cern.ch/hypertext/WWW/MarkUp/MarkUp.html



-------------------------------------------------------------
THE USENET NEWS READER
INTRODUCTION
         The  UseNet  News Reader provides  the ability  to
         read  and  write messages to the USENET community.
         It  provides you with a threaded news reader which
         allows  you  to  read messages in the  newsgroups,
         send  follow-up messages, and reply via  email  to
         the  authors  of these messages. It also  provides
         other functions that help in skipping messages  of
         no interest.
         
         The  news reader is threaded: it uses an article's
         "References:" to order the discussions in  a  very
         natural,  reply ordered sequence called "threads".
         This  allows  you to follow the discussion  in  an
         ordered  manner. It will attempt to show the  tree
         of  threads  that the articles have formed  for  a
         topic.  This allows the user to see if  the  topic
         has  been discussed at length and how the  current
         article is related to the last one that was read.
         
         The  reader is based on the program "trn" by Wayne
         Davison which in turn is based on the "rn" program
         by  Larry  Wall and Stan Barber. Modification  has
         been  done to enable the reader to be used by CIX.
         Likewise  this  section  is  been  based  on   the
         documentation that was provided with trn.
         
HOW TO USE THE READER
         Before  using  the reader, ensure  that  your  CIX
         profile  contains instructions to set the terminal
         type.  e.g.  OPT TERM TYPE VT52 Q. See the  manual
         section "Options and Extras" to show you how to do
         this. The command must be included in your profile
         and not just typed at the command line.
         
         To  use  the  news reader type GO NEWSNET  at  the
         Main: or Read: prompt in CIX. If this is the first
         time  that  you have run the reader  you  will  be
         greeted  with a welcome message that explains  the
         system.  You will only ever see this message  once
         unless  the  news  administrator  alters  it,  for
         example  to  inform  you of changes  to  the  news
         system. Then type READER to get to the interactive
         reader itself.
         
         Once  you  have  started the news reader  it  will
         display  all  the newsgroups for  which  there  is
         unread news. You are then asked for each newsgroup
         whether  or not you wish to read it. The order  in
         which  the list appears is contained in a settings
         file.  It  is  possible for you to  rearrange  the
         order  of  the  newsgroups by the  use  of  the  m
         command at the newsgroup selection level.  At  all
         levels  a summary of the commands and the  actions
         that they do is available by typing an h.
         
         Once  the  reader  has  gone through  its  startup
         routines  you  are  presented with  the  newsgroup
         selection  level. When you first enter the  USENET
         gateway  you are only joined to a small  group  of
         newsgroups.  To  join  other newsgroups  the  user
         should type g <name of news group>.  To get a list
         of  the  all  the  available newsgroups  the  user
         should  type  l. Once the required news  group  is
         reached press <CR> and the program will enter  the
         article  read  level. In some cases the  newsgroup
         will have been already threaded by the system,  in
         other  cases this will not have happened.  If  you
         wish  to  have  the  threading  enabled  and   the
         newsgroup has not been threaded by the system  you
         should press t before you enter the newsgroup. The
         reader  will then attempt to build a thread table.
         If  it  manages to build the table, it  will  then
         display the table else it will display the list of
         the  articles  in numerical order. If  the  thread
         table  is  displayed it allows the user to  select
         the  threads that they wish to read. If  threading
         is  not  required then you should type  &+x.  This
         will  turn off the threading and you can then just
         read  through the messages in the numerical  order
         in which they exist on the system.
         
ADVANCED USE OF THE USENET READER
         NEWSGROUP SELECTION LEVEL
         At  this  level the user is able to  select  which
         newsgroup  they wish to read. The  word  next  and
         previous  in  the description below refer  to  the
         order  of  the newsgroups in the newsrc file.  The
         prompt at this level looks like this:
         
         ******* 15 unread articles in uk.telecomm—read
         now? [ynqh]
         
         The following commands can be given at this level:
         
          y,<space>  Do this newsgroup now.
          
          .<command> Do  this  newsgroup  now,  but  execute
                     command   before  displaying  anything.
                     The  command will be interpreted as  if
                     given on the article selection level.
          
          +          Enter   this   newsgroup  through   the
                     thread selector.
          
          =          Start  this  newsgroup,  but  list  the
                     subjects before displaying articles.
          
          U          Enter  this newsgroup through the  "Set
                     unread" prompt.
          
          t          Toggle  the  always-read-threaded  flag
                     for the current group.
          
          n          Go  to  the next newsgroup with  unread
                     news.
          
          N          Go to the next newsgroup.
          
          p          Go   to  the  previous  newsgroup  with
                     unread news. If there is none, stay  at
                     the current newsgroup.
          
          P          Go to the previous newsgroup.
          
          -          Go    to   the   previously   displayed
                     newsgroup (regardless of whether it  is
                     before  or after the current on in  the
                     list.
          
          1          Go to the first newsgroup
          
          ^          Go  to  the first newsgroup with unread
                     news.
          
          $          Go to end of newsgroups list.
          
          g <newsgroup>    Go  to  <newsgroup>. If it  isn't
                     currently subscribed to, you  be  asked
                     if you want to subscribe.
          
          /pattern   Scan  forward for a newsgroup  matching
                     pattern.
          
         Patterns use wildcards like filenames, for example
         use  ? to match a single character, * to match any
         sequence of characters, and [] to specify  a  list
         of  characters to match. ("all" may be used  as  a
         synonym   for   "*".)   Unlike   normal   filename
         wildcarding,  newsgroup searching in not  anchored
         to the front and back of the filename, i.e. "/ski"
         will find rec.skiing. You may use ^ or $ to anchor
         the  front  or  the back of the search:  "/^test$"
         will find newsgroup test and nothing else. If  you
         want to include newsgroups with 0 unread articles,
         append  /r. If the newsgroup is not found  between
         the  current newsgroup and the last newsgroup, the
         search will wrap around to the beginning.
         
          ?pattern   Same as /, but search backwards.
          
          u          Unsubscribe from the current group
          
          l <string> List   newsgroups  not  subscribed   to
                     which contain the string specified.
          
          L          Lists   the  current  state   of   your
                     newsnet   settings  file   along   with
                     status information.
          
          Status     Meaning
          <number>   Count   of  unread  articles   in   the
                     newsgroup.
          READ       No unread articles in newsgroup.
          UNSUB      Unsubscribed newsgroup.
          BOGUS      Bogus newsgroup.
          JUNK       Ignored line in settings file.
         
          m <name>   Move   the  named  newsgroup  somewhere
                     else  in the settings file. If no  name
                     is  given,  the  current  newsgroup  is
                     moved.  There are a number of  ways  to
                     specify    where    you    want     the
                     newsgroup-type h for help when it  asks
                     where you want to put it.
          
          c          Catch  up. Mark all unread articles  in
                     this newsgroup as read.
          
          o <pattern>Only  display  those  newsgroups  whose
                     name matches pattern. Patterns are  the
                     same  as  for the '/' command. Multiple
                     patterns  may be separated  by  spaces,
                     just  as  on  the  command  line.   The
                     restriction  will  remain   in   effect
                     either  until  there  are  no  articles
                     left   in   the   restricted   set   of
                     newsgroups,   or  another   restriction
                     command  is  given.  Since  pattern  is
                     optional.  'o'  by itself  will  remove
                     the restriction.
          
          a <pattern>Add  new  newsgroups matching  pattern.
                     Newsgroups  which are already  in  your
                     newsrc file, whether subscribed  to  or
                     not,  will  not be listed. If  any  new
                     newsgroups  are  found,  you  will   be
                     asked  for  each one whether you  would
                     like to add it. If you want to add  all
                     new  newsgroups, you can type  'Y'  and
                     they  will be added the the end of  the
                     newsrc  file and as groups you want  to
                     read.  If  you don't want to subscribe,
                     all  the  new  groups can be  added  by
                     typing  'N'.  After any new  newsgroups
                     have  been added, the 'a' command  also
                     restricts    the   current    set    of
                     newsgroups  just like the  'o'  command
                     does.
          
          q          Quit.
          
          x          Quit,  restoring .newsrc to  its  state
                     at startup of the program.
          
         THREAD SELECTION LEVEL
         Most  people who don't have all day to  read  news
         will  want  to  enter a newsgroup by  way  of  the
         thread selector. This is accomplished by using the
         + command at the newsgroup selection level.
         
         The  thread  selector displays a list  of  article
         subjects  and  (optionally) authors  grouped  into
         threads. A thread may contain multiple subjects if
         the  subject changes as the discussion  continues.
         Also  displayed is a count of the number of unread
         articles  in each thread. Each thread is  preceded
         by  a letter or number that can be typed to select
         it.
         
         The  default  is to display the long mode  of  the
         thread selector.  In this mode, all the authors of
         the articles in the thread are summarised, one per
         line (authors of multiple articles are listed only
         once).  The  medium display mode  groups  multiple
         authors  onto the same line, so that more  threads
         can  be  displayed at one time. The short  display
         mode  does not display any author names,  and  can
         display more characters in the subject.
         
         The following commands are available in the thread
         selector:
          a-z,0-5    Select  the  discussion thread  by  its
                     letter   or  number;  press  again   to
                     deselect. By default the letters h,  k,
                     n,  p,  q,  and y are omitted to  allow
                     them to be typed as commands.
          
          <space>    Perform  the default command.  This  is
                     usually > for most pages, and Z on  the
                     last page.
          
          <CR>       Read  the  current thread (if none  are
                     selected) or all the selected threads.
          
          Z,<TAB>    Begin reading the selected threads.  If
                     none    are    are    selected,    read
                     everything.
          
          -          Set a range, as in 2 - 5
          
          .          Repeats   the   last  marking   action:
                     selected,   unselected,   killed,    or
                     unmarked.
          
          <          Go to previous page.
          
          >          Go to next page.
          
          ^          Go to first page.
          
          $          Go to last page.
          
          X          Mark  all unselected articles  as  read
                     and start reading.
          
          J          Mark  all  selected  articles  as  read
                     (useful  after performing  some  action
                     on them with the : command).
          
          D          Mark   unselected   articles   on   the
                     current page as read. Begin reading  if
                     articles are selected, otherwise go  to
                     the next page.
          
          :command   Execute   a   command  upon   all   the
                     selected  threads and  their  articles.
                     If   no   threads  are  selected,   all
                     threads   with   unread  articles   are
                     affected.  Applicable commands  include
                     +  and - (select and unselect  thread),
                     tree),     s    (save    article     to
                     scratchpad), as well as: S,  w,  W,  m,
                     M, j, = and , .
          
          /pattern   Scan   all   articles  for  a   subject
                     containing   pattern  and  select   its
                     thread.
          
          N          Go  to  the next newsgroup with  unread
                     news.
          
          P          Go   to  the  previous  newsgroup  with
                     unread news.
          
          U          Switch  between  selecting  read/unread
                     articles.
          
          L          Switch   the   current   display   mode
                     between  the  long  and  medium   modes
                     (with authors) and the short mode.
          
          q          Quit this group. ESC,
          
          +          Quit the thread selector (back) to  the
                     article level.
          
          Q          Quit  the current newsgroup and  return
                     to  the newsgroup selection prompt  for
                     this group.
          
         ARTICLE SELECTION LEVEL
         On   the   article  selection  level,  the  reader
         displays   unread  articles  in  thread  sequence,
         reading each article and its replies before  going
         on  to another topic.  If threads are disabled for
         a  particular  group,  the  default  order  is  in
         numeric  sequence (the order they arrived at  your
         site.)
         
         On  the article selection level you are not  asked
         whether  you  want to read an article  before  the
         article  is  displayed; rather, the reader  simply
         displays the first page of the article and asks if
         you want to continue. The normal article selection
         prompt  comes  at  the END of the article  (though
         article  selection  commands  can  be  given  from
         within the middle of the article - the pager level
         - also). The prompt at the end of an article looks
         like this:
         
         End of article 248 (of 255) what next? [npqh]
         
         The following are the options at this point:
         
          n,<space>  Scan  forward for next unread  article.
                     (Note:  the  'n'  (next)  command  when
                     typed  at  the  end of an article  does
                     not mark the article as read, since  an
                     article  is  automatically  marked   as
                     read  after  the last  line  of  it  is
                     printed.   It is therefore possible  to
                     type  a sequence such as 'm' and  leave
                     the  article marked as unread. The fact
                     that  an  article is marked as read  by
                     typing  n, N, ^N, e, s, S, |, w,  or  W
                     within the MIDDLE of the article is  in
                     fact a special case.)
          
          N          Go to the next article.
          
          ^N         Scan  forward for the next article with
                     the  same  subject.  If  the  group  is
                     unthreaded  this  also  makes   subject
                     search mode (^N) the default.
          
          p          Scan   backward  for  previous   unread
                     article. If there is none, stay at  the
                     current article.
          
          P          Go to the previous article.
          
          -          Go  to the previously displayed article
                     (regardless of whether that article  is
                     before  or  after this article  in  the
                     normal sequence).
          
          ^P         Scan  backward for the previous article
                     with  the  same subject. Makes  subject
                     search  mode  (^N) the default  if  the
                     group is unthreaded.
          
          <  >       Browse   the   previous/next   selected
                     thread.  If  no  selections  have  been
                     made,  all the threads that had  unread
                     news  when  you  entered the  newsgroup
                     (or  last left the thread selector) are
                     treated as selected. Entering an  empty
                     newsgroup  makes  all the  already-read
                     threads available for browsing.
          
          [  ]       Proceed  to  the  left/right   in   the
                     article   tree.   Visits   already-read
                     articles  as  well as empty  nodes.  If
                     you  attempt to go past the  left/right
                     edge  of the tree, you are advanced  to
                     the previous/next line if available.
          
          {  }         Go  to  the root/leaf of the  article
                     tree, even if the node is already  read
                     or   empty.   Proceeds  to   the   very
                     first/last node if you're already at  a
                     root/leaf in a multi-root thread.
          
          t          Display  the  entire article  tree  and
                     all  its associated subjects.   If  the
                     group  is  not  currently threaded,  it
                     will  be  turned  on and  processed  as
                     needed.
          
          ^R         Restart the current article.
          
          v          Restart  the current article verbosely,
                     displaying the entire header.
          
          ^L         Refresh the screen.
          
          ^X         Restart   the   current  article,   and
                     decrypt as a rot13 message.
          
          X          Refresh  the screen, and decrypt  as  a
                     rot13 message.
          
          b          Back up one page.
          
          q          Quit this newsgroup and go back to  the
                     newsgroup selection level.
          
          ^          Go to the first unread article.
          
          $          Go  to the last article (actually,  one
                     past the last article).
          
          <number>   Go to the numbered article.
          
          :command   Apply   a   command  to  all   selected
                     threads  and  their  articles.  If   no
                     threads   are   selected,   apply   the
                     command to all the unread threads.  For
                     applicable    commands,     see     the
                     discussion   above   for   the    range
                     command.
          
          j          Junk  the current article - mark it  as
                     read.  If  this command  is  used  from
                     within an article, you are left at  the
                     end  of  the article, unlike  N,  which
                     looks for the next article.
          
          m          Mark   the  current  article  as  still
                     unread.  (If you are in subject  search
                     mode   you  probably  want  to  use   M
                     instead  of  M. Otherwise  the  current
                     article   may   be  selected   as   the
                     beginning of the next subject thread.)
          
          M          Mark   the  current  article  as  still
                     unread, but not until the newsgroup  is
                     exited.   Until   then,   the   current
                     article  will be marked as  read.  This
                     is  useful for returning to an  article
                     in   another  session,  or  in  another
                     newsgroup.
          
          /pattern   Scan  forward  for  article  containing
                     pattern  in the subject. If pattern  is
                     omitted,   the  previous   pattern   is
                     assumed.
          
          /pattern/h Scan  forward  for  article  containing
                     pattern in the header.
          
          /pattern/a Scan  forward  for  article  containing
                     pattern anywhere in article.
          
          /pattern/r Scan read articles also.
          
          /pattern/c Make     search     case     sensitive.
                     Ordinarily  upper- and  lower-case  are
                     considered the same.
          
          ?pattern   Scan  backward  for article  containing
                     pattern in the subject.
          
          k          Mark  as  read  all articles  with  the
                     same subject as the current article.
          
          ,          Mark  the current article and  all  its
                     replies as read.
          
          J          Junk  all  the articles in the  thread,
                     even if it contains multiple subjects.
          
          K          Do  the same as the k command, but also
                     add  a line to the local KILL file  for
                     this  newsgroup  to kill  this  subject
                     every  time  the newsgroup  is  started
                     up.  For  a  discussion of KILL  files,
                     see  the ^K command below. See also the
                     K modifier on searches above.
          
          T          Kill  the current thread, and also  add
                     a  line to the local KILL file for this
                     newsgroup   to   kill   new    articles
                     attached to this thread every time  the
                     newsgroup is started up.
          
          r          Reply  through  net  mail.  If   on   a
                     nonexistent article such as the End  of
                     newsgroup  pseudo-article  (which   you
                     can  get  to with a $ command), invokes
                     the mailer to nobody in particular.
          
          R          Reply,  including the  current  article
                     in  the  header file generated. (See  F
                     command below).
          
          f          Submit  a  followup article.  If  on  a
                     nonexistent article such as the End  of
                     newsgroup  pseudo-article  (which   you
                     can get to with a $ command), posts  an
                     original article (basenote).
          
          F          Submit  a followup article, and include
                     the  old  article, with lines  prefixed
                     by  >.  The  program  will  attempt  to
                     provide  an attribution line  in  front
                     of  the quoted article, generated  from
                     the   From:   line  of   the   article.
                     Unfortunately, the From:  line  doesn't
                     always  contain  the  right  name;  you
                     should  double  check  it  against  the
                     signature  and change it if  necessary,
                     or   you  may  have  to  apologise  for
                     quoting  the wrong person. If  you  are
                     starting  a  new subject, move  to  the
                     end   of  the  newsgroup  with  the   $
                     command  before pressing  F.  Otherwise
                     you  may  have  to do a lot  of  header
                     editing,   including    removing    the
                     References  line  - this  is  IMPORTANT
                     to  remember ONLY when starting  a  new
                     subject.   It   is  much   simpler   to
                     remember  $F for new subjects,  and  to
                     always   leave   the  References   line
                     alone.
          
          C          Cancel  the current article,  but  only
                     if   you   are   the   contributor   or
                     superuser.
          
          z          Supersede  the  current  article,   but
                     only if you are the contributor.
          
          c          Catch up in this newsgroup; i.e.,  mark
                     all articles as read.
          
          U          Mark  some  or all articles as  unread.
                     You  can  choose to mark   the  current
                     thread,    sub-thread   (the    current
                     article  and  its  replies),  all   the
                     articles,   or  start  up  the   thread
                     selector to choose specific threads  to
                     set unread.
          
          u          Unsubscribe from this newsgroup.
          
          s          Save  to  the  scratchpad. The  program
                     determines if the file exists  already,
                     and  if  so, appends to it. The program
                     will  will attempt to determine  if  an
                     existing file is a mailbox or a  normal
                     file, and save the article in the  same
                     format.  If  the output file  does  not
                     yet  exist, the program will by default
                     ask you which format you want,
          
          S          Save to a scratchpad
          
          w          The  same as S , but saves without  the
                     header.
          
          W          The  same as S , but saves without  the
                     header.
          
          +          Start  the  thread  selector.   If  the
                     newsgroup  is unthreaded,  the  subject
                     lister is called instead.
          
          =          List subjects of unread articles.
          
          #          Print last article number.
         PAGER LEVEL
         
         At the pager level (within an article), the prompt
         looks like this:
         
         MORE(15%)
         
         and a number of commands may be given:
         
          <space>    Display next page.
          
          x          Display  next  page and  decrypt  as  a
                     rot13 message.
          
          d          Display half a page more.
          
          <CR>       Display one more line.
          
          q          Go  to  the end of the current  article
                     (don't  mark it either read or unread).
                     Leaves you at the What next? prompt.
          
          j          Junk  the current article. Mark it read
                     and go to the end of the article.
          
          ^L         Refresh the screen.
          
          X          Refresh  the  screen and decrypt  as  a
                     rot13 message.
          
          b          Back up one page.
          
          t          Display   the   entire  article   tree,
                     including its associated subjects,  and
                     continue reading. If the group  is  not
                     currently  threaded, it will be  turned
                     on and processed as needed.
          
          g          Goto   (search  forward  for)   pattern
                     within  current  article.   Note   that
                     there  is no space between the  command
                     and  the  pattern. If  the  pattern  is
                     found,  the page containing the pattern
                     will be displayed.
          
          G          Search for g pattern again.
          
          ^G         This  is  a special version  of  the  g
                     command  that is for skipping  articles
                     in a digest.
          
          <TAB>      This is another special version of  the
                     g   command   that  is   for   skipping
                     inclusions of older articles.
          
         THE TREE DISPLAY
         When  reading  a threaded newsgroup,  the  program
         displays a character representation of the article
         tree in the upper right corner of the header.  For
         example, consider the following display:
         
         (1)+-(1)—(2)—[2]
          |-(1)+-[3]
          |  \-[1] \-(1)+-[1]-[1]
          \-[1]
         
         This  tree represents an initial article that  has
         three direct replies (the second column with three
         (1)'s).  Each reply has further replies  branching
         off  from them.  In two cases the subject line was
         altered  in  the  reply,  as  indicated   by   the
         increasing numbers.
         
         When  there is only one subject associated with  a
         thread,  all the nodes are marked with the  number
         1.  When the first subject change arrives,  it  is
         marked  with the number 2, and so on. If you  were
         to look at this thread in the thread selector, the
         three  subjects associated with it would be listed
         in  the  same  order as the ascending  digits.  In
         those  rare  cases where more than 5 subjects  are
         associated with each thread, the nodes are  marked
         with the letters A-Z, and then by a-z.
         
         The  articles  that  have already  been  read  are
         enclosed  in ( )'s. Unread articles are  displayed
         in  []'s.  The currently displayed article has its
         entire  node  highlighted  in  the  display.   The
         previously  displayed article has only its  number
         highlighted.
         
CREDITS AND OTHER THINGS.
         AUTHORS
         Rn   was   created   by  Larry  Wall   <lwall@jpl-
         devvax.jpl.nasa.gov>  and  is   now   under    the
         direction    of    Stan   Barber<sob@bcm.tmc.edu>.
         Threaded     version     by     Wayne      Davison
         <davison@borland.com>
         
         CIX   version  of  the  program  by  David Johnson
         <djohnson@cix.compulink.co.uk>
         (Mail  all bug reports for the cix version of  the
         program to djohnson@cix.compulink.co.uk.)
         
         Regular  expression  routines  are  borrowed  from
         emacs, by James Gosling.

------------------------------------------------------------
THE FAX GATEWAY

QUICK START
The simplest way to understand how the CIX Faxgateway works is to think of it as just another
CIX user.

To send a fax via the gateway you simply email your fax text to a cix username called
'faxmachine', using the normal on-line commands or mail commands in your off-line reader
package.  Some CIX OLR packages have been enhanced with a special fax option which
automatically includes mandatory fax control information before the user's fax text. Once your
fax has been transmitted or an error detected, the Faxgateway returns a fax confirmation
report to your mailbox.

The Faxgateway needs to know where to send your fax, whether to create a cover page and
optionally your name and the recipients name.  This information must be included with each
fax request in the first few lines of text.  The following examples show the minimum fax control
information most users will need.

EXAMPLE 1 - (WITH COVER PAGE)  UK DESTINATION

% Faxctrl: Faxno=081 234 1234
% Faxctrl: To=Widget Supplies Ltd
% Faxctrl: From=Gadgets Ltd
% Faxctrl: Subject=Re. Confirmation of telephone order
% Faxctrl: End

A cover page is sent by default.

If this text is less than 30 lines in length it will be printed in the 'memo' area (the lower third) of
the standard cover page.  This feature can be turned off under user control.

EXAMPLE 2 - (NO COVER PAGE) UK DESTINATION

% Faxctrl: Faxno=081 123 1234
% Faxctrl: Cover=N
% Faxctrl: End
This is the first line of text which would appear on the fax page

The second control line tells the fax gateway not to send a standard cover page, it is then up
to the user to include normal cover page information in the body of their own text.

CHARGES

The charge for each fax transmission will be incorporated in the existing CIX billing routines
and appears in your bill the following working day.  The fax charge is also listed in each fax
confirmation report.

The cost of each fax is calculated on the number of pages sent and according to destination.
A current list of prices can be found by typing HELP RATES.

If a fax request is submitted to the gateway but fails to transmit no charge is made.

FAX FORMAT & APPEARANCE

By default fax text is printed in a standard 80 column 12 pt mono spaced font.  The quality of
this font lies between an 8pin & 24pin matrix printer and exceeds the results obtained from a
conventional fax machine.

Page Size: 80 columns x 66 lines.

An optional standard cover page is comprised of three sections.

The top third of the page contains a fixed heading with typeset style text.  The middle third is
printed in a standard format including the From= and To= names specified in your fax
controls.


Facsimile Transmission  - (24 pt text)
Cover Page
Via The CIX Gateway (14 pt)
===================================================

To:    Matthew Sims
Date:  11-6-94
From:    A CIX User
Page  1 of  3

===================================================

Reply to Faxnumber:    081 123 1234
          (voice)      081 123 1234

Subject:   A single line up to 60 characters.

A short fax containing say one paragraph can be sent as a single cover page.  The total size
of this area is 30 lines.  A future release of the fax software will include specific controls to
allow a fax request to contain a short cover page memo plus a larger body of text to be printed
on separate pages.  The To:, From: and Subject cover-page fields are also printed in your fax
confirmation report.

TABLE OF FAX CONTROLS
The general syntax for a control line is:

% Faxctrl: Control=value of control

The complete current list of controls is shown below.

Control		Length	Default
Faxno		20	none
To		31	none
From		31	none
Subject		60	none
Cover		1	Y

EXPLANATION OF USER FAX CONTROLS
FAXNO   A telephone no. specified in an international format.  For example to send a fax to
America, the number would be 1-202-123456.  A list of the currently available international
destinations is at the end of this section.

A special allowance is made for UK fax numbers.  For example a London number can be
specified in the following formats.

44-71-1234567 or 071-1234567.

The fax number can be formatted with extra characters as shown above.

TO 	Recipients name.  Defaults to fax number if not supplied.

FROM	Must be supplied when a cover page is selected.

SUBJECT Printed on cover page.  This field should not be confused with the CIX mail
subject.  If used the CIX mail subject line is returned as Re. your subject text, in the fax
confirmation report.

COVER	An optional field which defaults to Y.

If supplied this should be set to -
Y = Yes, send standard fax cover page
N = No, users can then create their cover page style in the body of their message text.

% Faxctrl: Faxno=33-202-123456
% Faxctrl: To=Widget Supplies
% Faxctrl: From=Gadgets Ltd
% Faxctrl: Subject=Re. Spreadsheet Report Extract
% Faxctrl: End

FAX CONFIRMATION REPORT
After mailing your text to faxmachine, the gateway which 'owns' userid faxmachine, will
download its mail and transmit your fax.   A fax confirmation report is then returned as a mail
reply to your original request.

Various messages can be returned depending on the success or failure of the fax
transmission.   Here are two examples:

> Date: Sat, 11 Jun 94 16:10 GMT
> From: faxmachine@cix.compulink.co.uk (Fax Gateway)
> Subject: Re:  My own internal cix reference
> To: mat@cix.compulink.co.uk
> Reply-To: faxmachine@cix.compulink.co.uk
> Message-Id: <memo.469341@cix.compulink.co.uk>
> In-Reply-To: <memo.469325@cix.compulink.co.uk>
>   From:     Gadgets Ltd.
>   To:       Widget Supplied
>
>   Subject:  Re. Spreadsheet Report Extract
>
> — fax abandoned —
>
>   Re-dial limit exceeded.

or hopefully something like this:

> Date: Sat, 11 Jun 94 16:10 GMT
> From: faxmachine@cix.compulink.co.uk (Fax Gateway)
> Subject: Re:  My own internal cix reference
> To: mat@cix.compulink.co.uk
> Reply-To: faxmachine@cix.compulink.co.uk
> Message-Id: <memo.469341@cix.compulink.co.uk>
> In-Reply-To: <memo.469325@cix.compulink.co.uk>
>   From:     Gadgets Ltd.
>
>   To:       Widgets Supplied
>
>   Subject:  Re. Spreadsheet Report Extract
>
> *** fax transmission successful ***
>
>   Transmission Details: sent at 16:04 on Saturday, 11/06/1994
>   Duration: 0:36, Charge:   0.30ukp + VAT, Pages 1


------------------------------------------------------------
THE INDEX SUBSYSTEM
         Index  is  a  menu driven system which  gives  you
         access  to  the files on our Optical disc  system,
         which has a capacity of 56 Gigabytes. It is a  far
         better  way  of storing files than in a conference
         on   CIX:  its  speed  and  size  allow  far  more
         information  to be stored, it allows  grouping  of
         subjects   by   area,  it  allows  very   powerful
         searching of its contents.
         
FEATURES:
         Searching for a file using part/whole of  filename
         as a search criteria.
         Searching   for   a  file  using   part/whole   of
         description as a criteria.
         Searching using indexed keywords.
         The  tagging of multiple files for download in one
         session.
         Inspection within archived files, and the  ability
         to view any text files within that archive.
         Supports ZIP, LHA, ZOO and ARC archive format.
         Very fast search routines.
         Custom configuration.
         
         Currently the index subsystem gives you access to:
         
         The   entire  CIX  filepool  (updated  at  regular
         intervals)
         Files from the Amiga conference
         Files from Amiga FTP sites
         Complete GNU archive
         Linux SLS 1.03 distribution heirarchy
         Files from the Gif conference
         Files from the Windows conference
         Files from the Mac conference
         Files from the Atari ST conference
         Nova NeXTStep files
         
         Each  week,  files will be taken  from  FTP  sites
         around the world, and added to the index system.
         
         The Index is a menu-based system. Each part of the
         system is described in this section.
         
THE MAIN MENU
         OPTION 1 - CHANGE CATEGORY
         The  files  in  the  index program  are  split  by
         categories, normally by what computer or operating
         system  they  are meant for. However, things  like
         books, recipes, or pictures can't be classified in
         this way and are put into categories of their own.
         This  option allows you to pick the file area  you
         want   from   a   menu   of  currently   available
         categories. It also displays the current file area
         you are using.
         
         OPTION 2 - LIST ALL FILES AVAILABLE
         Produce a list of all the files available from the
         current  file  area. This command  will  page  the
         output,  allowing you to tag or download files  at
         the end of each page.
         
         OPTION 3 - SEARCH MENU
         The  searching  facilities from within  the  index
         program are currently much better than on the file
         systems within CIX. This is because of the way the
         files  are stored. We will continue to update  the
         search facilities in this menu until we are  happy
         we  are  providing the information you require  as
         fast  as possible.  Currently, there is a type  of
         keyword  searching available as  well  as  a  fast
         search on filename(s) and file description(s).
         
         OPTION 4 - TAG/ARCHIVING MENU
         If  you  tag files they are copied to a  temporary
         directory.  This  menu gives you  the  ability  to
         manipulate  those tagged files. You  can  download
         the  files you have tagged. Sometimes you may  not
         be  entirely sure you want to download this  file,
         so  before downloading you can decompress the file
         (if  the  they  are compressed with  a  recognised
         algorithm)  and then view one of the files  inside
         the  archive, if one exists, to check you do  want
         to download the file.
         
         5 - CONFIGURATION MENU
         This  allows  you to configure Index to  your  own
         tastes, and save that configuration so that  Index
         behaves in your way every time you enter it.
         
THE SEARCH MENU
         OPTION  1  -  SEARCH  FOR FILES  BY  PART/WHOLE  OF
         FILENAME
         Will  prompt you for a string which will  then  be
         searched for in the filename of each file  in  the
         current  file area. See below under "What  happens
         when you find a file" for further details.
         
         OPTION  2  -  SEARCH  FOR FILES  BY  PART/WHOLE  OF
         DESCRIPTION
         Will  prompt you for a string which will  then  be
         searched  for in the description of each  file  in
         the  current  file  area. See  below  under  "What
         happens when you find a file" for further details.
         
         OPTION 3 - SELECT KEYWORDS FOR SEARCHING
         Will prompt you to enter up to 2 keywords (windows
         and  comms  for example,) there is  no  'list'  of
         keywords that can be used as they are all  indexed
         continously.
         
THE TAG/ARCHIVING MENU
         OPTION 1 - TAG A FILE
         If  you have written down, or you already know the
         file  number for a file, this option lets you  tag
         it,  so it is copied into your temporary directory
         to manipulate.
         
         OPTION 2 - LIST TAGGED FILES FOR THIS SESSION
         Just shows which files you currently have tagged.
         
         OPTION 3 - DOWNLOAD ALL TAGGED FILES
         Will  do  a  multiple download  of  all  currently
         tagged files.
         
         OPTION 4 - REMOVE A FILE FROM THE TAG LIST
         Remove  a  file from your tag list, and  therefore
         remove it from your temporary directory.
         
         OPTION 5 - EXAMINE ARCHIVE
         Gets a list of the files inside an archive, if the
         archive type is supported.
         
         OPTION 6 - EXTRACT FILES FROM A ARCHIVE
         Extracts the files from the archive, you should be
         prompted for the filename of the archive.
         
         OPTION 7 - VIEW EXTRACTED FILES (TEXT)
         View  text  file, useful to ensure a file  is  the
         correct one you want to download.
         
THE CONFIGURATION MENU
         OPTION 1 - HIGHLIGHTED MENUS
         This  toggles the VT100 highlight and  bold  codes
         that are used in Index off if your terminal cannot
         support these.
         
         OPTION 2 - FILE TRANSFER PROTOCOL
         Using this, you can select your preferred protocol
         for  downloading  regardless of what  is  in  your
         profile.   If  you  do  not  set  this,  then  the
         protocol set in your profile will be the one used.
         
         OPTION 3 - TERMINAL PAGELENGTH
         This allows you to change your pagelength, setting
         this here overrides the one set in your profile.
         
         OPTION 4 - DEFAULT CATEGORY ON LOGIN
         This will let you specify a preferred platform for
         you to be in when you use Index in the future.
         
         OPTION 5 - SAVE CONFIGURATION
         Using this option will save your configuration for
         future sessions.
         
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU FIND A FILE
         When you use option 2 from the Index Main Menu, or
         any of the search options you will see a line menu
         as follows.
         
         (Q)uit, (T)ag, (D)ownload, SPACE for more, ENTER
         for refresh, or ?>
         
         Q: Quits back to the previous menu
         
         T:  Prompts you for a file number, which  will  be
         tagged and copied to your temporary directory. See
         the  section  above  titled Tag/Archive  Menu  for
         further details.
         
         D:  Prompts you for a file number, the system will
         then find this file, and proceed to download it to
         your   machine.   The   download   will   commence
         automatically if you have Zmodem setup,  otherwise
         you  will  have to initiate the download  on  your
         machine.
         
         Space  Bar: Will show you the next page of  files,
         if  there  are any, otherwise you will be returned
         to the Index Menu.
         
         <CR>:  Will re-display the current files that  are
         on the screen.
         
-----------------------------------------------------------

EDITING
INTRODUCTION
         This  section describes how to edit messages using
         the  Verbose  editor, the Quiet editor,  the  Full
         Screen editor and the EMACS editor.
         
         Most  CIX  messages  are created  using  the  Text
         gobbler,  which  simply takes the  characters  you
         enter,  and  places them in your  Scratchpad.  The
         Text  gobbler  does  not have  any  facilities  to
         change  text  on any lines other than the  current
         line  you are on. To exit  from Text gobbler input
         mode,  type a .<CR> at the very start  of  a   new
         line.
         
         Before adding the contents of your Scratchpad to a
         conference or sending it to another user, you  may
         wish  to  edit  it  to  correct  mistakes  or  add
         material.
         
         CIX  has three different text editors for  you  to
         use, the Verbose editor for less experienced users
         and the Quiet editor for users who have experience
         with  other  editors  and the Full  Screen  Editor
         which is probably the easiest of the lot.
         
         When   you  register  as  a  new  user,  CIX  will
         automatically set you up with the Verbose editor.
         
THE VERBOSE EDITOR
         The  Verbose editor is a limited function friendly
         tool  that  lets  you  change  the  text  in  your
         Scratchpad.   When  you  type  E  to   edit   your
         Scratchpad  at  the  Add/Action:  or  Send/Action:
         prompt,  the  Verbose editor will  tell  you  what
         commands it accepts:
         
         LIST,  APPEND,  DELETE,  SUBSTITUTE,  EXIT,  QUIT,
         CLEAR, HELP
         
         To use these commands, enter only the first letter
         at the prompt, as explained below.
         
         LISTING IN THE VERBOSE EDITOR
         You  may  see  the contents of your Scratchpad  by
         typing  LIST  (or  the letter L)  at  the  Command
         prompt.  The  Verbose editor responds by  printing
         the contents of the Scratchpad to the screen. Each
         line  will be numbered. A subset of lines  can  be
         listed by typing the range, followed by the letter
         l, for example L 1,5.
         
         ADDING TEXT IN THE VERBOSE EDITOR
         The  Append command allows you to add text to  the
         end  of the text in your Scratchpad. Type A,  wait
         for  the  input  prompt, then type the  additional
         lines  of  text.  To exit from Append  mode,  type
         .<CR> at the start of a new line. An extension  of
         the  Append command allows you to add lines to any
         place  in your Scratchpad text following the  line
         number  entered.  The command A4  would  add  text
         following current line 4. Typing A0 would add text
         to the top of your Scratchpad.
         
         EDITING TEXT IN THE VERBOSE EDITOR
         To Substitute a portion of a line of text, type  S
         followed  by the line number of the line you  wish
         to change. CIX then displays the line and asks you
         for  the text to be changed. Type the old text and
         the  new text separated by slashes ( / ), with the
         old  text first, followed by the replacement text.
         For  example: /copmuter/computer/ will replace the
         first appearance of copmuter with computer. The  $
         and  .  characters  have special  meaning  to  the
         Substitute  command. Using these characters  in  a
         substitute string may cause unexpected results.
         
         SAVING TEXT IN THE VERBOSE EDITOR
         When  everything  is  as you want  it,  leave  the
         editor by typing X for exit. On the other hand, if
         you  change your mind about the changes  you  have
         made,  type  Q  for quit. The editor  will  ignore
         whatever changes you have made to the contents  of
         your  Scratchpad  and return you to  the  previous
         command level.
         
         DELETING TEXT IN THE VERBOSE EDITOR
         If  you want to Clear your Scratchpad, leaving  it
         empty,  type  C. CIX will ask you to confirm  that
         you   want   to  discard  the  contents   of   the
         Scratchpad.  If  you  enter  Y,  CIX  clears   the
         Scratchpad and returns you to the Add/Action:  (in
         Conferences) or Send/Action: (in Mail) prompt.
         
THE QUIET EDITOR
         CIX's  Quiet editor is an adaptation of  the  UNIX
         editor,  ed. It is more flexible and more powerful
         than the Verbose editor, and it is very quiet: Few
         prompts, few menus, and no line numbers  appear on
         the  screen. When you enter the Quiet editor,  you
         will see  the prompt : only at which point you can
         begin to edit the text  in your Scratchpad.
         
         To  get help in the Quiet editor, type HELP at the
         :  prompt. Outside of the Quiet editor, type  HELP
         QUIET.
         
         To select the Quiet editor, use the command OPTION
         EDIT QUIET QUIT. To select the Verbose editor, use
         the command OPTION EDIT VERBOSE QUIT.
         
         For more details on selecting your editor, see the
         section called "Options and Extras."
         
         Note  that  the Quiet editor always  acts  on  the
         current line (the last line acted upon) unless you
         specify  another  line  number  in  your  command.
         Commands  consist of single letters following  the
         line number(s), as explained below.
         
         LISTING TEXT IN THE QUIET EDITOR
         To  list  the contents of your Scratchpad  on  the
         screen,  type the number of the line you  wish  to
         see,  followed by P. For example, if you type   5P
         at the : prompt, the Quiet editor will display the
         fifth   line. To see a number of lines,  type  the
         first  and  last  line  that   you  wish  to  see,
         followed by P, as in 1,5P. Here, the Quiet  editor
         will print the first five lines of your message to
         the  screen. The  last line of text is  designated
         by  $.  Thus, to see the entire Scratchpad,   type
         1,$P. You can print a line, even if you don't know
         its  line  number,   by using the  Search  command
         explained below.
         
         SEARCHING IN THE QUIET EDITOR
         To  search  for  a specific word or  line  without
         knowing  the  line  number, enclose  the  word  in
         slashes,  followed  by  the command  desired.  For
         example, if you type /modem/ the Quiet editor will
         print  the first line with the word modem  in  it.
         The  Quiet editor remembers the last search string
         you used, so you can repeat searches by using just
         //,  when  used  after /modem/,  the  editor  will
         display the next line with the word modem  in  it.
         You  can  also use the Search feature  with  other
         commands, as explained below.
         
         ADDING TEXT IN THE QUIET EDITOR
         To  Add  text  to the Scratchpad,  type  the  line
         number  to which you want to append text, followed
         by  the  letter  A.  For example,  typing  4A  and
         hitting  return will allow you to add  text  after
         the  fourth  line. Typing $A will place  your  new
         text  at the end of the Scratchpad. When you  have
         finished adding text, place .<CR> at the beginning
         of  a  line.  You should see the :  prompt  again.
         Again,  you must specify a line  number  to  which
         you  want  to  append text or  odd  results  might
         occur.  For example, if you have just been working
         on  line 3 of the Scratchpad  and you type only  a
         the Quiet editor will append the text after line 3
         (the current line), rather than at the end of  the
         text  as  the Verbose editor would. If  you  don't
         know  the  line number, you can append text  using
         the  Search feature. For example, /KEYBOARD/A will
         append  text  to  the  first line  with  the  word
         "keyboard" in it.

         INSERTING TEXT IN THE QUIET EDITOR
         The  Insert command works just like Append, except
         that the inserted text appears before the line you
         specify.  For example, 7I will insert text  before
         the  seventh line. Remember to type .<CR>  at  the
         beginning of a new line to get out of Insert mode.
         Again,  you can use the Search feature  to  insert
         text before a line containing a specific word.
         
         DELETING LINES IN THE QUIET EDITOR
         To  delete a line or lines of text, type the  line
         number(s) followed by the letter D, as  in  4D  to
         delete the fourth line, and 4,6D to delete lines 4
         through  6.You  can  use the  Search  function  to
         delete  a line, as in /ACCESS/D which will  delete
         the first line with the word access in it.
         
         EDITING TEXT IN THE QUIET EDITOR
         To  Substitute a word or words in the  text,  type
         the  line number followed by S, then the old  word
         and  the  new word, both in slashes. For  example:
         15S/COPMUTER/COMPUTER/ will  substitute  the  word
         computer for the misspelling on line 15. If you do
         not  type  a  line number, the  Quiet editor  will
         look  for  the old word in the last line that  you
         used. If you do not know the line number, you  can
         use     the     Search     function,     as     in
         /COPMUTER/S/COPMUTER/COMPUTER/ which searches  for
         the  line with the misspelling, then replaces  the
         incorrect spelling with the word computer.
         
         MOVING LINES IN THE QUIET EDITOR
         You  can  also  Move a line by  using  the  Search
         function.  Thus: /MODULE/M3 will place  the  first
         line with the word module after the third line.
         
         GLOBAL  IN THE QUIET EDITOR
         The  Search function will find the first  instance
         of  a  search  string  and,  if  combined  with  a
         command, execute the command on that line. To make
         the  command apply to every line with that  search
         string  in it, precede the string with the  letter
         G.   For  example,  suppose  you  mis-spelled  Mr.
         Smythe's  name as Smith throughout a mail message.
         Typing  G/SMITH/S/SMITH/SMYTHE/  would  tell   the
         Quiet  editor  to find every line  with  the  word
         Smith,  and  substitute Smythe for Smith  on  each
         line. If the name Smith appears more than once  on
         a  line,  you  will  have  to  repeat  the  Global
         command.
         
         SAVING TEXT IN THE QUIET EDITOR
         To  save  your text, type W (for Write) at  the  :
         prompt.  The Quiet editor will respond by  telling
         you how many lines are in your Scratchpad. As with
         all  text editors, it is a good idea to save  your
         work regularly to avoid losing it.
         
         QUITTING FROM THE QUIET EDITOR
         To leave the quiet editor, type Q. If you have not
         saved  any changes you have made to the  text  (by
         typing  W), the editor will respond with no  write
         since  last change. If you don't want to save  the
         changes you have made, type Q again, and CIX  will
         take  you out of the Quiet editor. If you do  want
         to save the changes, type W and then type Q.
         
THE FULL SCREEN EDITOR
         To  use  the  CIX  Full Screen Editor  (FSE)  your
         terminal  must  be  capable  of  interpreting  the
         formatting codes CIX sends. Use the command OPTION
         TERMINAL TYPE VT100 QUIT, the FSE can be used with
         other terminal emulations but we recommend VT100.
         
         Then  use the command OPTION EDIT A QUIT or OPTION
         EDIT  B  QUIT. If you use edit b, CIX always  puts
         you  into the FSE when you SAY, COMMENT and so on.
         If  you  use edit a, CIX uses a text gobbler  when
         you  edit  an  empty scratchpad. (Your  scratchpad
         will  usually  be empty when you SAY or  COMMENT.)
         This  text  gobbler does not do wordwrapping;  you
         must press at the end of each line.
         
         If  you are familiar with WordStar, you will  love
         the   CIX   FSE,  its  keystrokes  are    WordStar
         compatible. A list of commands follows.
         
         ^S Cursor left*         ^V  Overtype/insert*
         ^D Cursor right*        ^G  Del char to right*
         ^E Cursor up*           ^H  Del char to left*
         ^X Cursor down*         ^T  Del word to right
         ^A Cursor word left*    ^Y   Delete line*
         ^F Cursor word right*   ^QS  Start of line*
         ^QFFind text in file    ^QD  End of line*
         ^L Find next            ^R  Page up a screen*
         ^QAFind and replace     ^C  Page down a screen*
         ^W Scroll up 1 line     ^KB Mark start of block
         ^Z Scroll down 1 line   ^KK  Mark end of block
         ^QRTop of file          ^KC Copy block
         ^QCBottom of file       ^KV Move block
         ^KYDelete block         ^KQ Abort*
         ^U Toggle help off/on*  ^KD  Save and exit*
         ^O Redefine commands*
         
         ^ Hold the Control key on your keyboard.
         *   You may redefine these commands. using the  ^O
         command.
         
         There  are some problems with the FSE, the  screen
         size  of  the  editor is fixed at 24 lines  by  80
         columns  and your OPT TERMINAL ERASE character  is
         completely ignored, a backspace is always used.
         
         We recommend you:
         1: Use vt100 terminal emulation with the FSE
         2:  Use  some form or error correction,  otherwise
         the  formatting codes may become corrupted by line
         noise and completely mess up your edit.
         3:  Use  hardware handshaking. The FSE  turns  off
         XON/XOFF  flow  control to allow  the  ^S  and  ^Q
         commands to work.
         4: Take a while to get used to it, although having
         to  press return at the end of each line  is  hard
         work  at first, it does not take long to get  used
         to it. The extra features of the FSE are worth it.
         
THE EMACS EDITOR
         As  with  the  FSE, make sure that you  have  your
         terminal  type  on CIX to VT100 before  using  the
         EMACS  Editor. You can do this by typing OPT  TERM
         TYPE  VT100 Q  and by making sure that your  comms
         package is set up to understand VT100 codes.  Once
         you have done this, switch to the EMACS Editor  by
         typing OPT EDIT C Q.
         A list of the keyboard commands follows:
         
         CTRL-g              Escape current command
         CTRL-n              Down 1 line (next)
         CTRL-p              Up 1 line (previous)
         CTRL-f              Forward 1 character
         CTRL-b              Backwards 1 character
         CTRL-e              Jump to end of line
         CTRL-a              Jump to beginning of line
         CTRL-d              Delete character to right
         BKSP                Delete character to left
         CTRL-k              Remove to end of line if  done
         on  a  blank line then the line removed,  thus  if
         done  twice  on  the same line the  line  will  be
         removed.
         CTRL-y              Put back whats been removed
         CTRL-s              Search forward for  text  use
         Esc to terminal input of text to search for.
         CTRL-r              Search backwards for text
         Esc->               Jump to end of text
         Esc-<               Jump to beginning of text
         Esc-v               Jump up 1 page
         CTRL-x  CTRL-c      Quit, if changes have been made
         you are prompted
         Esc-q               Reformat the  current
         paragraph
         Esc-z               Exit and save current text
         Esc-BKSP            Delete word to left
         

-------------------------------------------------------------
OPTIONS AND EXTRAS
INTRODUCTION
         This  section covers the additional parts of  CIX.
         It  contains information on how to make  your  CIX
         usage  more efficient, how to navigate around  CIX
         and how to customise CIX.
         
         CIX is designed to be flexible, and to allow users
         to  change their set up on CIX, the Option  system
         exists. There are two ways of interacting with the
         Options  system, interactively or with a  stringed
         command.    Here's   an   example    of    someone
         interactively  setting his  download  protocol  to
         Xmodem
         
         Main: OPTION
         Opt: DOWNLOAD
         Download protocol: Kermit/Xmodem/CRC
         Xmodem/Ymodem/Zmodem ? X
         Opt: QUIT
         Main:
         
         But the quicker way, if you know what you want  to
         set  is  to  use the stringed command,  where  you
         enter  the entire command on one line. You can  do
         this throughout CIX, but it is most useful in  the
         Options system, for example
         
         Main: OPTION DOWNLOAD X QUIT
         Main:
         
         You   can  enter  the  Options  system  from   the
         following CIX prompts: Main: Read: and Mail:.
         
         To  find  out  what options are set  on  your  CIX
         account,  type SHOW OPTION and CIX will display  a
         list of your settings.
         
THE EXTRAS THEMSELVES
         SCRATCHPAD
         On  CIX,  there  is a temporary  file  called  the
         Scratchpad where your messages are held while they
         are  being  edited. The Scratchpad has many  other
         uses  though beyond 'just' a filing medium.  There
         are  a  number  of  commands associated  with  the
         Scratchpad    specifically,    such    as    FILE,
         KILLSCRATCH,   ARCSCRATCH,  KILLARC,  SCRATCHSIZE,
         UPLOAD and DOWNLOAD.
         
         FILE can prefix most CIX commands. What it does is
         to  redirect the output of the commands  following
         it to the Scratchpad for you to work with. You can
         FILE  a  single message: FILE 123 or  a  group  of
         messages,  FILE 100 TO 200 or even  FILE  all  the
         unread messages on CIX in the conferences you  are
         joined  to: FILE READ ALL. You can also FILE  mail
         messages:  FILE  27653. The output  of  all  these
         commands  is transferred to your Scratchpad.  Once
         it  is  there  you can enter it as a message,  but
         please,  don't file all your messages and dump  it
         as  a message in a conference, as it does tend  to
         upset other users. The typical use of FILE in that
         case  is  where you want to reenter  an  incorrect
         message. You FILE the original message, edit  your
         scratchpad, SAY or COMMENT to wherever is required
         the   corrected  message  and  then  withdraw  the
         original message.
         
         If  you  FILE all your messages, you can  DOWNLOAD
         them. Using the same file protocols that you  have
         selected in the "Files In Depth section," CIX  can
         transmit  the messages for you to read locally  on
         your  machine. The command is DOWNLOAD  at  either
         the Main: or Read: prompts.
         
         If  you have a facility like ARC or PKPAK, you can
         make  use  of  the ARCSCRATCH command.  ARCSCRATCH
         compresses your messages using the ARC program and
         when  you  go to download, lets you download  this
         compressed  version instead. This can save  up  to
         50% of transmission time.
         
         To  find  out how big your Scratchpad or  Archived
         scratchpad is, use the command SCRATCHSIZE at  the
         Main: prompt.
         
         Once you have downloaded a Scratchpad, remember to
         delete  the Scratchpad on CIX. To do this use  the
         command KILLSCRATCH.
         
         If you have downloaded an Archived Scratchpad, and
         wish to remove that, use the command KILLARC.
         
         Finally,  the UPLOAD command allows you to  upload
         text  into your Scratchpad, like uploading a file.
         This allows you to prepare your text off line, and
         then send it up to your Scratchpad, where you  can
         use  SAY  or  COMMENT to add it to the appropriate
         conference and topic.
         
         BILLING
         CIX keeps your Billing information online. You can
         get  at  this  information by  using  the  BILLING
         command at the Main: prompt. Billing will ask  for
         the  month and year you want the bill for. If  you
         press  <CR><CR>  it will default  to  the  present
         month and present year and give you a bill so  far
         for the current month, itemised by call.
         
         If  you  prefer  shorter  information,  the  QUICK
         command at the Main: prompt will display a summary
         of  that,  with  a  breakdown of  cheap  and  peak
         minutes usage.
         
         If  you want to download this information, BILLING
         and QUICK have complementary commands, FILEBILLING
         and  FILEQUICK which operate in the same  way  but
         the  output is appended to the Scratchpad, for you
         to download.
         
         An  alternative to these two commands is QUICKNOW.
         At  the  Main: prompt, QUICKNOW displays a summary
         of the charges for the current month.
         
         Any  Billing queries should be addressed  via  CIX
         Mail to the user, 'cixadmin.'
         
         BILLING DETAILS
         We  keep Billing details on each CIX user, you  of
         course  can only see your own details. The command
         to display your Billing details is ALLABOUTME from
         the  Main:  prompt. Please check your  details  at
         least  once  to  make sure we  have  your  correct
         address etc.
         
         TIME AND ONLINE
         At  the  Main: prompt, TIME will display the  time
         and  date  according to CIX.  Also  at  the  Main:
         prompt,  ONLINE will display the number of minutes
         you have been online for in the current session.
         
         COOKIE
         At  the  Main:  prompt, the  command  COOKIE  will
         randomly  select a thought for the  day  from  the
         conference epithets/sayings.
         
         WHO IS ONLINE
         The  WHO command will display a list of people who
         are  online  to CIX at the same time as  you,  and
         whether  or not they are listening for  chat.  For
         more information on Chat and the WHO command,  see
         the chapter "Chat In Depth."
         
         PASSWORDS
         Every  time you log into CIX, you must enter  your
         Password.  This  stops other people  logging  into
         your account without your knowledge. Your Password
         is  very  secure, so secure in fact that we  can't
         even tell you what it is. Keep your Password safe,
         if  you  can remember it without writing  it  down
         then do so. You can change your password by typing
         PASSWORD from the Main: prompt.
         
         If you do forget your password, or for some reason
         CIX is not accepting it, telephone the CIX support
         line on 01492 641961. Don't forget, passwords  are
         case  sensitive so if you typed your  Password  in
         lower case, you must always type it in lower case.
         
         RESUMES
         So  that people can find out more about you, there
         is  a file on CIX called your Resume. This file is
         simply  a  text  file which can be viewed  by  any
         other CIX user, and you can view their resumes  by
         typing SHOW  RESUME <username>.
         
         By  default,  your Resume is just your  full  name
         however  we encourage people to fill their Resumes
         with interesting information about themselves.  It
         is  good  to  have information on how you  can  be
         contacted,  what job you do, what  experience  you
         have,  hobbies,  pets or similar  information.  To
         edit  your Resume type EDIT RESUME. You  may  then
         enter the appropriate details.
         
         NOTE
         Note  is  a  file  which  sends  a  message  to  a
         conference  moderator when  he  adds  you  to  his
         conference.  To put text in your Note,  type  EDIT
         NOTE.  Uses of Note include informing a  Moderator
         that  you may not be around for a while,  or  just
         saying thank you. For example:
         
         Note From Mat.
         Thank you for joining me to your conference. I
         will be back on the 20th and will catch up then.
         
         SKIPPING THREADS
         If  you  are  reading online,  you  may  skip  the
         current  thread by using SKIP THREAD. This command
         marks  as read all messages which comment  to  the
         current  message, all comments to those  messages,
         etc. Note that if the current message comments  to
         an  earlier  message,  further  comments  to  that
         message will *not* be skipped. Any comments  added
         after  you  use  SKIP THREAD will not  be  skipped
         (unless you issue the command again).
         
THE OPTIONS THEMSELVES
         CIX can provide a wide range of help, all of which
         you  can select. By default, you are normally  set
         up  to  have  'Buddy' help on,  the  Verbose  text
         editor and Verbose prompts.
         
         SETTING CIX DEFAULTS IN YOUR PROFILE
         When you start your session, CIX firstly looks  at
         a  file  called your Profile. This is  a  list  of
         commands  that you want executed before you  start
         using CIX. You can put any commands understood  by
         CIX  in  your Profile, Here's the default  Profile
         which you are set up with when you log on as a new
         user:
         
         Profile             Comments
         news                Display the news
         mail status         Display the mail in In and
                             Outbaskets
         quit                Leave mail system
         show new            Show all new messages are in
                             your conferences
         option down x q     Set download protocol to
         Xmodem
         option up x q       Set upload protocol to Xmodem
         option edit v q     Select the Verbose editor
         option auto yes q   Skip to Recent when joining a
                             new conference
         
         You  can  edit your Profile with the command  EDIT
         PROFILE  at the Main: prompt. Using this, you  can
         configure  CIX to however you want,  for  example,
         remove buddy help, change download protocol etc.
         
         IMPORTANT: When editing your Profile, ensure  that
         no commands ask for interaction from yourself, and
         before  committing  a  command  to  your  Profile,
         remember  to try it out first. Also, you  must  be
         sure  a command will work from the prompt the last
         line of your Profile CIX left you at.
         
         BUDDY HELP
         Buddy  help  is  a  help system which  acts  as  a
         reminder.  Depending on what prompt  is  about  to
         appear  it displays one or two lines, listing  the
         commands  you  could type in, in  order  of  'most
         likely' command. Buddy help does not list all  the
         commands or explain in detail any command, but  is
         there  to  'jog'  your memory. If  you  want  more
         detailed  help,  remember the  HELP  command.  The
         command to turn on Buddy help is OPTION BUDDY Y  Q
         and to turn it off, OPTION BUDDY N Q.
         
         VERBOSE & TERSE
         There  are  two  prompt and header modes,  Verbose
         mode  and Terse mode. Verbose is the default mode,
         giving  the longer prompts like Main:,  Read:  and
         Mail:  and  a  more  verbose message  header  when
         displaying  a conference message. Terse  mode  has
         shorter  prompts like M: (instead  of  Main:),  R:
         (instead  of  Read:) and Ml: (instead  of  Mail:).
         Terse  is  also  less 'wordy'  in  the  conference
         message headers. To select Verbose mode use OPTION
         VERBOSE  QUIT  and to select the  Terse  mode  use
         OPTION TERSE QUIT.
         
         CIX EDITORS
         CIX  has four editors, the Verbose editor and  the
         Quiet  editors,  the Full-screen  editor  and  the
         EMACS editor. The Verbose editor is a simple  line
         editor  with  menus, the Quiet editor  is  a  more
         advanced line editor without menus. The FSE  is  a
         VT-100-based full-screen editor with Wordstar-like
         commands,  and  the  EMACS  editor  is  based   on
         MicroEMACS.  See the section on Editing  for  more
         details.  To select the Verbose editor use  OPTION
         EDIT  VERBOSE QUIT and to select the Quiet  editor
         use OPTION EDIT QUIET QUIT. To use the full-screen
         editor,  use OPTION EDIT B QUIT. To use the  Emacs
         editor  use OPTION EDIT C QUIT. To switch back  to
         the  Verbose  or Quiet editors use OPTION  EDIT  A
         QUIT.
         
         THE MORE? PROMPT
         Also  see  this for information about pagelengths.
         By  default, CIX pauses every 20 lines or  so  and
         displays  a More? prompt when displaying a  single
         block  of  text.  This timing is  decided  by  the
         pagelength. For example, if you could  display  50
         lines  of text on your screen, you would want  the
         More?  prompt  less  often. You  can  do  this  by
         telling CIX how long your page is, like so  OPTION
         TERM PAGELENGTH 40 QUIT. This sets More? to appear
         every  40  lines. (Note, always set the pagelength
         to  slightly  less than number  of  lines  on  the
         screen).  To turn off the More? prompt completely,
         use OPTION TERM PAGELENGTH 0 QUIT.
         
         PAGE WIDTH
         CIX  assumes  a user has an 80 column screen  when
         they  log on to CIX, and for most people  this  is
         true. If you have a narrower screen though you can
         set  the  screen with OPTION TERM WIDTH  40  QUIT.
         This  sets CIX up for a 40 character wide  screen.
         But the width affects where CIX will word wrap  in
         the  Text gobbler. The Text gobbler starts to word
         wrap  10 characters before the page width,  so  if
         the  width  is  40,  the  wrap  would  be  at   30
         characters. Normally the width is 80 characters so
         the word-wrap occurs at character 70. You may wish
         to  temporarily  disable the  word  wrapping,  for
         example  if  you are ASCII uploading  preformatted
         text  as  a message. To disable word wrapping  set
         the  page very wide, like so OPTION TERM WIDTH 200
         QUIT.
         
         UPLOAD / DOWNLOAD PROTOCOLS
         CIX  supports  a  number of  upload  and  download
         protocols.  You can select these using the  UPLOAD
         and  DOWNLOAD options, for example OPTION DOWNLOAD
         Y  Q  and OPTION UPLOAD C Q would set CIX to  send
         files  to you (download) using Ymodem and  receive
         files  from  you  (upload) using  Xmodem/Crc.  The
         letter determines what protocol should be used.
         
         Letter   Protocol
         K        Kermit
         X        Xmodem Checksum
         C        Xmodem CRC
         Y        Ymodem **
         Z        Zmodem
         **  (Also  does  Ymodem  batch,  Ymodem-g  and  1k
         Xmodem)
         
         REFERENCE MODE
         In  the  section on Conferences in Depth,  mention
         was  made  of the Read reference mode, where  when
         reading  conferences, CIX follows the comments  of
         messages,  rather than in strict numerical  order.
         You  may want to always read CIX in this mode. Use
         the   command   OPTION  REFERENCE   Y   QUIT.   To
         automatically turn on reference mode when you  are
         reading conferences.
         
         RECENT
         The   command   SKIP  TO  RECENT   while   reading
         conferences, allows you to skip near to the end of
         a  topic. How near depends on the 'recent'  value.
         This  is  normally 100, which means that when  you
         SKIP  TO RECENT you will be 100 messages away from
         the  last message. You may change this value  with
         the  command OPTION RECENT 50 QUIT which  in  this
         case  would set the 'recent' value to 50 and  make
         SKIP  TO RECENT put you 50 messages away from  the
         last  message. You can adjust this value  to  your
         preference.
         
         AUTORECENT
         When  you  join a conference for the  first  time,
         many people will SKIP TO RECENT to catch up on the
         conference. To save having to type SKIP TO  RECENT
         in   every  topic,  the  AUTORECENT  option,  when
         switched on will do it for you. AUTORECENT  is  by
         default  on for new users, but can be disabled  by
         removing  the  line  that turns  it  on  from  the
         Profile (see the next section on the Profile). The
         command   that  turns  AUTORECENT  on  is   OPTION
         AUTORECENT   Y  Q  and  to  turn  it  off   OPTION
         AUTORECENT N Q.
         
         HEADER MODE
         When  Header mode is turned on, CIX displays  only
         the  message  header and first non-blank  line  of
         text. This is ideal for browsing a conference.  To
         turn  Header mode on use OPTION HEADER Y QUIT  and
         to turn it off, OPTION HEADER N QUIT
         
         COMPACT HEADERS
         If   you  feel  that  even  in  Terse  modes   the
         conference  message  header is  still  too  large,
         there  is  a 'maximum-compressed' version  of  the
         header  information available.  The  COMPACTHEADER
         option,  when  selected, gives headers  which  are
         reduced  to  one line of text and  appear  in  the
         format below.
         
         To    select   compact   headers,   enter   OPTION
         COMPACTHEADER  Y  QUIT and  to  turn  off  compact
         headers enter OPTION COMPACTHEADER N QUIT
         
         GETTING ALL NEW MESSAGES
         Normally, when you issue a FILE READ ALL  command,
         CIX  scans  your conference list at  least  twice.
         This  is to ensure that any new messages that  are
         entered while the FILE READ ALL is proceeding, are
         included  in your scratchpad. If a new message  is
         found  on the second scan, CIX does a third  scan,
         and so on.
         
         You  may  tell  CIX to do only one scan  by  using
         OPTION  FILE  SINGLE YES QUIT. You may  revert  to
         multiple  scans  by using OPTION  FILE  SINGLE  NO
         QUIT.
         
         SYNONYMS
         CIX allows you to give a command an alias. This is
         done  with the SYNONYM option. For example, OPTION
         SYNONYM EXIT BYE QUIT makes the word EXIT the same
         as  typing BYE. Both BYE and EXIT will now log you
         off  from  CIX. You can only give a synonym  to  a
         single  word  and it may only mean a single  word.
         The  syntax of the command is OPTION SYNONYM  <NEW
         COMMAND> <OLD COMMAND> QUIT.
         
         SUBSTITUTE
         CIX  allows  another way to change  the  commands,
         whereas SYNONYM will copy the old command  to  the
         new command, SUBSTITUTE will make your new command
         and  disable  the old command. For example  OPTION
         SUBSTITUTE  EXIT BYE QUIT would stop BYE  being  a
         recognised command and make EXIT log you off  from
         CIX.
         
         FILTER
         When  putting  or  storing  text  on  CIX,  it  is
         possible   to  input  Control  characters.   These
         characters  can have bad effects on your  software
         or on the information you read, however, sometimes
         you may wish them to be included in your text. CIX
         sets  the  FILTER  option to  filter  out  control
         characters as default, type OPTION FILTER  N  QUIT
         to stop CIX filtering out control characters.
         
         MESSAGE SIZE
         You  can tell CIX to only display messages if they
         are  less than a certain number of characters.  To
         set  CIX  to  only  display  messages  below  1000
         characters, type OPTION MESSAGESIZE 1000  Q.  This
         option  will  be mainly used if you use  the  FILE
         READ ALL command. When doing a FILE READ ALL,  CIX
         will  only  store  messages if  the  size  of  the
         message is less than you specified. Whilst reading
         conference messages online, CIX will only  display
         the  header and the first line of a message if the
         size of the message is more than you specified, of
         course, CIX will display the full message if it is
         less  than the size you specified. To set CIX back
         to   display   any  sized  message,  type   OPTION
         MESSAGESIZE 30000 QUIT or some such large number.
         
         SCRATCHSIZE
         If  you  are  using a script to download  all  new
         messages  and you are worried about  the  size  of
         your  Scratchpad, use the OPT SCRATCHSIZE  command
         to   limit   the  size  in  characters   of   your
         Scratchpad.  For  instance, OPT  SCRATCHSIZE  1000
         QUIT  will only allow 1000 characters to  go  into
         your Scratchpad.
         
         CHANGING SCRATCHPAD NAME
         By   default,  the  name  of  your  scratchpad  is
         SCRATCHPAD;  this name is used when  you  download
         your  scratchpad. You may change the name by using
         OPTION  SCRATCHNAME <filename>  QUIT. Any filename
         you  enter  is held in lowercase characters,  this
         means  you  cannot revert to the default  name  by
         using OPTION SCRATCHNAME.
         
         FILING WITHDRAWN MESSAGE
         Normally, when you issue an ALL or FILE  READ  ALL
         command, CIX does not display the headers  of  any
         messages that have been withdrawn (either  by  the
         author or the conference moderator). To see  these
         headers, you may use OPTION MISSING YES QUIT.  You
         may  revert  to suppressing the headers  by  using
         OPTION MISSING NO QUIT.
         
         TIME OUT
         At  the  present time, if CIX does not  receive  a
         <CR>  character for 2 minutes, CIX will display  a
         message and then if no <CR> is received, drop  the
         line in a further 2 minutes. This of course is  to
         protect you from getting a large telephone and CIX
         bill after forgetting you are logged onto CIX. You
         can change the length of time CIX takes to log you
         off  using  the  TIMEOUT  command.  For  instance,
         typing  OPT TIMEOUT 5 QUIT would make CIX  wait  5
         minutes before displaying a warning message,  then
         wait another 5 minutes before you are logged off.
         
         ANSI GRAPHICS
         If  you  have an ANSI terminal emulation, you  can
         now  have  all  message headers  and  CIX  prompts
         appear in colour (on colour monitors) or bold  (on
         monochrome  monitors). This will help  distinguish
         headers  and  prompts from the rest of  the  text.
         Type  OPT  ANSI Y Y QUIT and make sure you  either
         have your terminal set up for ANSI or VT100 (there
         is very little difference) to enable ANSI colours.
         OPT ANSI N QUIT will turn ANSI colours off. Please
         note,  only  part  of the ANSI standard  has  been
         implemented, you can't upload ANSI characters into
         messages  or  redefine keys  or  move  the  cursor
         around using ANSI on CIX.
         
         ERASE CHARACTER
         Depending on your communications package, you  may
         have  problems with the erase character  otherwise
         known  as backspace. To get around this,  you  can
         set  CIX  up to do either a Backspace or a  Delete
         character to erase letters. OPT TERM ERASE B  QUIT
         will  set CIX to Backspace, OPT TERM ERASE D  QUIT
         will set CIX to Delete.
         
         UNIX COMPATIBILITY
         When  CIX  transfers a file, by  default,  all  LF
         (Line Feeds) are expanded to CRLF (Carriage Return
         Line Feed). This is fine for MS Dos based machines
         and  many  others  but for UNIX machines,  the  LF
         should  stay a LF. If you have a UNIX  machine  or
         your operating system expects only a LF at the end
         of each line use the OPT UNIX Y QUIT option.
         
         MACROS
         You can now program many CIX commands into one new
         command name. The best way to explain this  is  in
         an  example.  Please note, this  command  is  only
         available from the Main: prompt.
         
         Someone in your office wants to know how to fit an
         EGA  card and a Monochrome card into the  same  PC
         and  drive  2  monitors. You  remember  reading  a
         message  chain  in the past week  in  one  of  the
         conferences  you  are a member of.  You  could  go
         through and search for EGA in each topic you are a
         member of or, you could set up a simple MACRO like
         this.
         
         Main: MACRO FINDEGA SQUICK EGA 7 TNEXT FINDEGA
         
         This  sets  up  a  macro which is called  FINDEGA.
         FINDEGA  will search up to 7 days of  messages  in
         the  current  topic for the string EGA  then  move
         onto  the next topic and calls itself again,  thus
         repeating  the process. To make this  macro  work,
         you   would  have  to  be  at  the  Read:  prompt,
         otherwise  the  SQUICK command cannot  be  carried
         out. Once you are at the read prompt, to start the
         FINDEGA  macro, just type FINDEGA, this will  make
         the  output  appear on the screen, this  can  take
         quite  a long time, especially if you are a member
         of  a  lot  of conferences. A better way of  using
         this  macro may be to type FILE FINDEGA, this will
         output all the information FINDEGA gets into  your
         Scratchpad so you can leave the computer and  make
         a cup of tea.
         
         STAYING PUT
         Whenever  you press the return key whilst  reading
         conference  message, CIX will hunt  for  the  next
         unread message in the current topic. If CIX  can't
         find one, it will hunt through the conferences you
         are  a member of until it does find one. The  Stay
         toggle stops CIX automatically leaving a topic  to
         search  for  an unread message if it doesn't  find
         one  in  the current topic. Type OPT STAY QUIT  to
         make  CIX stay in a topic and OPT STAY QUIT  again
         to  make  CIX jump to the next topic  to  find  an
         unread  message. If you have read all the messages
         in  a  topic and you have the Stay toggle on,  you
         must  use  the TNEXT command to move to  the  next
         topic.  The Stay toggle is especially useful  when
         used  with the FILE READ ALL command, for instance
         to  file in REF order all the messages in a topic,
         use the following commands:
         
         OPTION STAY REFERENCE YES QUIT
         FILE SKIP TO 1
         FILE READ ALL
         OPTION STAY QUIT
         
FUTURE OPTIONS
         As  CIX is constantly advancing, new options  will
         be  added. Remember to remain a member of the  cix
         conference  to  keep up to date  with  the  latest
         changes  in  CIX. Major changes and upgrades  will
         also be announced in the "cixnews" conference.
         
THE CIX SCRIPT LANGUAGE
         A CIX script contains CIX commands. When you issue
         the  SCRIPT command, CIX reads commands  from  the
         script  instead from your terminal; when the  last
         command  in the script has been read, CIX  returns
         control  to  your terminal. You can  prepare  your
         script  offline, upload it to CIX and run  it,  so
         saving  online time. Typically, you  would  use  a
         script to enter messages in a conference and  send
         mail messages.
         
         ENTERING CONFERENCE MESSAGES:
         Scripts always use the Verbose editor, even if you
         have  changed  the  editor in  your  profile.  The
         Verbose  editor automatically wraps  lines  at  10
         characters less than the line width setting.  Your
         message  may  be wider than this,  so  you  should
         disable  CIX's  word  wrapping  by  starting  your
         script with the command:
         
         option terminal width 999 quit
         
         Similarly, end your script with a command to reset
         the  terminal width to 79 (or whatever other width
         you have in your profile). The second line of your
         script will probably be a JOIN <COMMAND>.
         
         When   you're  commenting  online  to  an  earlier
         message,  you  would normally  enter  the  command
         COMMENT:  commenting, of course,  to  the  message
         you've  just read. When you write a script, you're
         unlikely  to  want to comment to the last  message
         you've  read, and you're quite likely to  want  to
         comment  to more than one message. You can specify
         which  message you want to comment to by including
         the message number: COMMENT <msgno>.
         
         Enter  your  comment in the script and  finish  it
         with  a  full stop (.) in the normal way.  If  you
         were  commenting online, at this point  CIX  would
         display  the Add/action: prompt. If you're running
         a  script, though, CIX doesn't display the  prompt
         (there's not much point!) Instead, your message is
         added directly CIX sees the full stop.
         
         If  you  use  the  SAY command in  a  script,  CIX
         doesn't prompt you for the title: you simply enter
         the  title  as  the  first line of  your  message,
         *including* the 'TITLE:' prefix.
         
         ENTERING MAIL MESSAGES:
         Much  the  same considerations apply  to  entering
         mail  messages as to entering conference messages.
         One  difference is that CIX expects a response  to
         the  Send/Action: prompt (even though  it  doesn't
         display  the prompt!) This is so that you can,  if
         you wish, use the CC response (to send one or more
         carbon copies) before responding SEND.
         
         Please  note that at present, you cannot  use  the
         REPLY or COMMENT commands for mail in a script.
         
         RUNNING THE SCRIPT:
         Start  by  uploading the script to your scratchpad
         by  issuing  the  UPLOAD command.  Then  move  the
         script from your scratchpad to your script area by
         issuing  the SCPUT SCRIPT command. Finally,  issue
         the SCRIPT command to run your script.
         
         Note  that  your scratchpad is cleared  after  the
         SCPUT  command. If you want to amend  your  script
         before  running it, you may issue the SCGET SCRIPT
         command  and  then edit it in your  scratchpad  by
         issuing  the  EDIT command. Note  also  that  your
         script  area  is  *not* cleared after  the  SCRIPT
         command.  It is overwritten, however, by the  next
         SCPUT SCRIPT command.
         
-----------------------------------------------------------
CIX ETIQUETTE
INTRODUCTION
         Using  a  conferencing  system  is  different   to
         talking  to  someone face to face.  There  are  no
         visual  clues  as to how a person may  be  feeling
         when  he  leaves a message, and the brevity  which
         most peoples typing encourages, can often lead  to
         messages implying a rude or abrasive tone when  no
         such attitude was intended.
         
         Because of this, you should always think carefully
         before you say something in a message. If it could
         be  taken two ways, try re-phrasing it in  a  less
         ambiguous  way. Also, when reading someone  else's
         message,  try  to  consider  it  carefully  before
         leaving a highly abusive reply (called a Flame  in
         CIX  parlance). It could be that you  are  getting
         worked  up about something that in ordinary speech
         you would laugh at.
         
         Don't  let  all this put you off leaving messages.
         If  you  stick to the guidelines, and avoid  being
         deliberately aggressive, people will  be  glad  to
         talk  with  you and help you through any  problems
         you might have.
         
         UPPER AND LOWER CASE
         Lower  case on CIX is the normal case for  leaving
         messages, upper case is used to highlight  certain
         words.   Normally  the  upper   case   words   are
         highlighted  to  make  the  message  read  better,
         sometimes  they are just used to SHOUT  a  certain
         point across.
         
         EXPRESSING YOUR MOOD
         To  help avoid such misunderstanding, a number  of
         visual conventions have been developed. One of the
         most important of these is the Smiley ':-)' or one
         of its many variants (look at it sideways).
         
         When  this appears in a message it means that  the
         sender  was only kidding, and you should not  take
         the preceding statement(s) at face value.
         
         :-)   Happiness               *sigh*   Frustration
         8-)   Happy with New Glasses  *smirk*  Superiority
         :-(   Sadness                 *grin*   Happiness
         :-O   Shocked
         :-|   Indecision
         ;-)   Nudge-Nudge, Wink Wink
         (|-)  Robo-Smiley
         
ACRONYMS
         AFAICR        As Far As I Can Recall
         AFAIK         As Far As I Know
         AFAIR         As Far As I Recall
         AIUI          As I Understand It
         BSF           But Seriously Folks
         BTDT          Been There, Done That
         BTW           By The Way
         CIX           Compulink Information eXchange
         CLI           Command Line Interface
         FCS           For Christ's Sake
         FOAD          Go Away And Die
         FUD           Fear, Uncertainty and Doubt
         FWIW          For What It's Worth
         FX            Effects (as in FX: Kicks cat in
                       frustration)
         GUI           Graphical User Interface
         IMHO          In My Humble Opinion
         IMO           In My Opinion
         ISTM          It Seems To Me
         ISTR          I Seem To Recall
         IYSWIM        If You See What I Mean
         NALOPKT       Not a Lot of People Know That
         OLR           Off Line Reader
         OTOH          On The Other Hand
         ROFL          Roll On Floor Laughing
         RSN           Real Soon Now
         RTFM          Read The Friendly Manual
         SO            Significant Other (spouse)
         TIA           Thanks In Anticipation
         TLA           Three Letter Abbreviation
         TPTB          The Powers That Be
         WTF           What The Flip
         
         USING MOODS IN MESSAGES
         As  you  read  the conferences, you will  see  how
         experienced users dot them around, but, useful  as
         they  are,  overdoing  them  can  make  a  message
         unreadable. :-)
         
DOUBLE POSTING MESSAGES
         Other  CIX  users  will often  get  annoyed  about
         people  double posting messages in conference.  It
         is  easily  done, for instance it  could  be  done
         completely  by  mistake  when  using  an   offline
         message  reader which breaks down. After a  double
         posting there may be many messages from the  other
         users ranting on about the amount of time it  took
         to  download the double posting or some  sarcastic
         comment about an echo. Don't let this bother  you,
         they  have all done it at some point as  well  and
         they  are costing themselves more money by  adding
         these flame messages.
         
         Having  said  this, you should take  care  not  to
         double post.
         
         There  is  another type of message CIX  users  get
         really annoyed with, that it when someone posts  a
         blatant advert in the wrong conference. There  are
         conferences  and topics for this sort of  message.
         The   vendors   conference,  or   the   classified
         conference or a topic in a conference called sales
         or something like that.
         
         Especially when posting a message, DO NOT copy the
         message  to  more than one topic in a  conference,
         you  can  safely assume all members of  one  topic
         will also be members of all the others. It is also
         not  wise  to post multiple messages to  multiples
         conferences, if you really feel you need  to  then
         post the long message in a suitable conference and
         in  a couple of slightly less suitable conferences
         put  a short message saying see message conf/topic
         message  number n for more information on whatever
         the message was about in the first place.
         
         People  have got very bad names on CIX for blatant
         advertising, and copying long messages in multiple
         conferences and topics.
         
SIGNATURES
         Many  Off-line readers now allow you to  attach  a
         special  'signature'  file to  the  end  of  every
         message that you post on CIX.  Some allow  you  to
         specify  different signatures for each conference.
         It  is polite behaviour to keep such signatures as
         short  as  possible, and not to include  redundant
         information.  Redundant information includes  your
         nickname  on CIX - which everyone can see  anyway,
         quotes,  and information that is better placed  in
         your  Resume,  such as your address  or  telephone
         number.
         
         A larger signature is common on messages posted to
         UseNet, since people reading messages there do not
         have  access  to your resume on CIX. The  accepted
         standard  size  is four lines long by  80  columns
         wide.
         
-----------------------------------------------------------

COMPLETE LIST OF COMMANDS

THE MAIN: PROMPT
       <CR>       Join  first  conference in your conference
                  list with unread messages.
       ?          Get  list of valid commands available from
                  the Read: prompt.
       ABSENCE    If  you  go away other users will continue
                  to  send  you messages and may wonder  why
                  you  don't  reply. Use ABSENCE  to  inform
                  users  mailing you when you are  away  and
                  give  them the option not to send the mail
                  message.
       ALLABOUTME Displays  billing details, including  your
                  name, address and method of payment.
       ARCSCRATCH Use  Arc  to  compress your scratchpad  to
                  around half its original size.
       BILLING    Displays  your  CIX bill  for  an  entered
                  month.
       BYE        Log out of CIX.
       CHAT       Go  into CIX CHAT mode, real time chat  to
                  other users online.
       CHECKPOINT Write  your conference pointers  to  disk.
                  Normally,   CIX   keeps  your   conference
                  pointers in memory until you log  out  and
                  then they are written to disk. Because  of
                  this,  if you issue a STORE command,  your
                  message  pointers  are backed  up  in  the
                  position they were when you logged in.  If
                  you  use CHECKPOINT before the STORE, your
                  message  pointers will  be  backed  up  to
                  where you are now.
       DOWNLOAD   Start downloading your scratchpad.
       EDIT       Edit your scratchpad, resume or profile.
       FFIND      Find a file in any open conference on  CIX
                  using the filename.
       FILE       Put  this before a command to redirect the
                  output   of   that   command   into   your
                  scratchpad.
       HELP       Get help on any command.
       JOIN       Add yourself to the participant list of  a
                  conference.  Or  go into a conference  you
                  are already a member of.
       KILLARC    Delete the file created with ARCSCRATCH.
       KILLSCRATCHDelete the scratchpad file.
       MAIL       Go into the CIX Mail system.
       MODERATE   Go into the CIX Moderation system.
       OPTION     Go into the CIX Options system.
       PASSWORD   Change your password.
       READ       Use  with FILE and ALL (FILE READ ALL)  to
                  put  all  your unread messages  into  your
                  scratchpad.
       RESIGN     Remove  your username from the participant
                  list of a conference.
       RESTORE    Restore your message pointers to the  last
                  time  they  were backed up by, either  the
                  nightly  CIX  autobackup or when  you  use
                  the STORE command.
       SCGET      Get  the contents of your Profile, Resume,
                  Script  or a File List and put it in  your
                  scratchpad.
       SCPUT      Put  the contents of your scratchpad  into
                  your  Profile,  Resume Script  or  a  File
                  List  (only if you are moderator  of  that
                  conference).
       SCRIPT     Run your CIX Script.
       SHOW       Display  various  pieces  of  information.
                  SHOW  ALL  will display the  complete  CIX
                  conference list. SHOW ALL <text>  searches
                  the   conference  list  for  that   <text>
                  string.  SHOW  <confname>  displays   more
                  information  about that  conference.  SHOW
                  RESUME  <username> displays the resume  of
                  that   user.  Type  HELP  SHOW  for   more
                  information.
       STORE      CIX  Backs  up your message pointers.  Use
                  with  the  RESTORE command. Every midnight
                  CIX   automatically  STOREs  your  message
                  pointers.
       TERSE      Put  CIX  in  terse mode.  Cuts  down  the
                  amount of text CIX displays.
       TIME       Find out what time CIX thinks it is.
       UPLOAD     Upload some text to your scratchpad.
       VERBOSE    Put  CIX  in  verbose mode.  Adds  to  the
                  amount of text CIX displays.
       WHO        Display who else is online on CIX.

THE READ: PROMPTS
       <CR>       Read  the next unread message in the  next
                  conference topic.
       +          Read  the next message in the topic  in  a
                  numerical order.
       -          Read the previous message in the topic  in
                  a numerical order.
       ?          Get  list of valid commands available from
                  the Read: prompt.
       ABSENCE    See the same command at the Main: prompt.
       AGAIN      Re-read the last message you read.
       ALL        Read  all  unread messages in  this  topic
                  and display them on your terminal.
       ARCSCRATCH See the same command at the Main: prompt.
       BACKWARD   Tell CIX to read in backward mode.
       CHAT       See the same command at the Main: prompt.
       COMMENT    Make  a  comment to the message  you  just
                  read  continuing the thread. You can  also
                  type  COMMENT <msgno> to comment  on  that
                  message number.
       COPY       Copy  a  message from one topic to another
                  conference topic.
       CURRENT    This  is  used  by  many commands  and  is
                  always the number of the last message  you
                  read   in  a  topic.  For  instance,  FILE
                  CURRENT TO LAST. See also FIRST, LAST  and
                  RECENT.
       DATE       Date can be used with SEARCH commands  and
                  FILE  commands  to  limit  those  commands
                  within  the date you entered. For instance
                  FILE DATE 01NOV91 TO DATE 31NOV91.
       DOWNLOAD   Start downloading your scratchpad.
       ERASE      If  you  are the moderator of the  current
                  conference  you can delete  a  file  using
                  this command.
       FAL        List  the  files contained in a  .ARC,  or
                  .ZIP files.
       FDIR       Display  the  files that are  actually  in
                  the current topic.
       FDL        Initiate  a  download using your  download
                  protocol.
       FFIND      Find a file in any open conference on  CIX
                  using the filename.
       FIND       Search  for  a piece of text, display  the
                  complete  message if the  search  criteria
                  is met.
       FIRST      Similar   to  CURRENT,  LAST  and   RECENT
                  except FIRST is always number 1.
       FLIST      Display  the  files in the  current  topic
                  which  the  moderator has  made  available
                  for users to download.
       FORWARD    Tell CIX to read in forward mode.
       FUL        Initiate  an  upload  using  your   upload
                  protocol.
       HEADER     Type  HEADER FIRST TO LAST to display only
                  the  CIX headers and the first line of all
                  the   messages   in   the   topic.   Other
                  variations  on  the  HEADER  command   are
                  available.
       HELP       Get help on any command.
       KILLARC    Delete the file created with ARCSCRATCH.
       KILLSCRATCHDelete the scratchpad file.
       LAST       Used by many commands, this is always  the
                  number  of the last message in the current
                  topic.   See  also  CURRENT,   FIRST   and
                  RECENT.
       NEXT       Mark all messages in the current topic  as
                  read  and  go  into the  next  topic  with
                  unread messages in your conference list.
       ORIGINAL   When  someone  comments on a  message,  if
                  you  read the comment you may not remember
                  which  message  it was a reply  to.  After
                  reading   the   reply  type  ORIGINAL   to
                  display the commented upon message.
       QUIT       Quit back to the Main: prompt.
       RECENT     RECENT  is  a  variable  set  up  in  your
                  profile.  It defines the number of  recent
                  messages  you want to see, skip  or  file,
                  e.g. FILE RECENT TO LAST
       REFERENCE  Displays  the comment to the  message  you
                  have   just   read  and  puts   CIX   into
                  Reference  mode. This means  you  will  be
                  reading  in  a thread environment  instead
                  of numerical.
       REPLY      Does  exactly  the  same  as  the  COMMENT
                  command.
       RESIGN     See the same command at the Main: prompt.
       RESTORE    Will  restore a withdrawn message as  long
                  as you have the permission to do this.
       ROOT       Displays   the  'root'  message   of   the
                  current  message thread. The root  message
                  is the one all the replies stemmed from.
       SAY        Put  a  message into the topic starting  a
                  new message. This will be a root message.
       SCGET      See the same command at the Main: prompt.
       SCPUT      See the same command at the Main: prompt.
       SCRIPT     Run your CIX Script.
       SEARCH     Do  a  forward search of the  messages  in
                  the  current topic displaying the  message
                  number  and  the line of the message  that
                  matched the search criteria.
       SKIP       Move  your message pointer in the  current
                  topic to where ever you specify.
       SQUICK     Do  a  backward search of the messages  in
                  the  current topic displaying the  message
                  number  and  the line of the message  that
                  matched  the  search criteria.  SQUICK  on
                  its  own  only searches in the  last  days
                  messages,  use SQUICK "PATTERN" <DAYS>  to
                  search back more than 1 day.
       SWITCHTOPICSWITCHTOPIC  on its own displays  all  the
                  topics    in   the   current   conference.
                  SWITCHTOPIC  <topic>  puts  you   straight
                  into the topic you asked for.
       THREAD     Used  with  the SKIP command to  SKIP  the
                  current thread.
       TNEXT      Puts   you  in  the  next  topic   without
                  reading the messages in the current one.
       TO         Used  with  other commands like  SKIP  and
                  SEARCH.
       TPREVIOUS  Puts  you  in  the previous topic  without
                  reading the messages in the current one.
       TYPE       Display  the  contents of a  file  from  a
                  topics file list.
       UPLOAD     Upload some text to your scratchpad.
       VIEW       This  will display a withdrawn message  as
                  long as it was withdrawn by you.
       VOTE       To  vote  on  a voting message  type  VOTE
                  <msgno>  where msgno is the voting message
                  to  vote on (if you see what I mean).  You
                  will  be presented with the voting choices
                  and asked which one you want to go for.
       WITHDRAW   Withdraw  a  message you  entered  from  a
                  conference.  If  you are a  moderator  you
                  can  withdraw messages from the conference
                  you  moderate.  See  the  RESTORE  command
                  from the Read: prompt.

THE MAIL: PROMPT
       <CR>       Read next unread mail message.
       ?          Get  list of valid commands available from
                  the Mail: prompt.
       ABSENCE    See the same command at the Main: prompt.
       AGAIN      Re-read the last mail message you read.
       ALL        Read  all unread mail messages. Often used
                  with  the  FILE command to put all  unread
                  messages into your scratchpad.
       ARCSCRATCH See the same command at the Main: prompt.
       BINMAIL    The command used to send a binary file  to
                  another  CIX  user  in  complete  privacy.
                  Usage: BINMAIL <username> <filename>.
       CHAT       Go  into CIX CHAT mode, real time chat  to
                  other users online.
       CLEAR      Clear  INBASKET  or OUTBASKET,  between  a
                  range  of  message numbers.  Also  specify
                  QUICK  to  stop CIX asking if  its  ok  to
                  delete message.
       COMMENT    Comment to the last mail message read.
       COPY       Copy   the   last  mail   message   to   a
                  conference message in a topic.
       DELETE     Delete a single mail message.
       DIR        Get   a  directory  of  all  your  private
                  files.
       DOWNLOAD   Start downloading your scratchpad.
       EDIT       Edit your scratchpad, resume or profile.
       ERASE      Erase a file from your private list.
       EXPORT     Copy  a  file from your private  directory
                  to a conference topic.
       FAL        List  the  files contained in a  .ARC,  or
                  .ZIP files.
       FDL        Initiate  a  download using your  download
                  protocol.
       FILE       See the same command at the Main: prompt.
       FORWARD    Send  the last message you read to another
                  user.
       FUL        initiate  an  upload  using  your   upload
                  protocol.
       HELP       Get help on any command.
       INBASKET   Displays  your  inbasket, also  used  with
                  CLEAR  to  remove all read  messages  from
                  your inbasket.
       JOIN       See the same command at the Main: prompt.
       KILLSCRATCHDelete the scratchpad file.
       MARKUNREAD Mark the message you just read as unread.
       MODERATE   Go into the CIX Moderation system.
       OPTION     Go into the CIX Options system.
       ORIGINAL   Read  the original message to the one  you
                  just read.
       OUTBASKET  Displays  your outbasket, also  used  with
                  CLEAR  to  remove all read  messages  from
                  your outbasket.
       QUIT       Quit  out  of the CIX Mail system  to  the
                  previous system you were in.
       READ       Same as pressing the <CR> key.
       RENAME     Rename a file in your private directory.
       REPLY      Same   as  COMMENT,  reply  to  the   mail
                  message you just read.
       SHOW       See the same command at the Main: prompt.
       STATUS     Display your in and outbaskets.
       TERSE      See the same command at the Main: prompt.
       TO         Initiate a mail message to a CIX user,  or
                  using  an external mail address to a  user
                  who isn't on CIX.
       TYPE       Display  the  contents of a  file  from  a
                  topics file list.
       UPLOAD     Upload some text to your scratchpad.
       VERBOSE    See the same command at the Main: prompt.
       WHO        Display who else is online on CIX.

THE MOD: PROMPT
       ?          Get  list of valid commands available from
                  the Read: prompt.
       ADD        Add  either  a  topic or a participant  to
                  your conference.
       BYE        Log out of CIX.
       COMOD      Add  another  moderator to the conference.
                  This  other moderator has exactly the same
                  abilities as you.
       EXMOD      Remove  another moderator.  You  can  even
                  remove  yourself  but  you  must  have  at
                  least one moderator of a conference.
       FDIR       Display  the  files that are  actually  in
                  the current topic.
       FDL        Initiate  a  download using your  download
                  protocol.
       FEXPORT    Copy a file from the current topic to  the
                  Filepool.
       FLIST      Edit  the  users file list of the  current
                  topic.
       FUL        Initiate  an  upload  using  your   upload
                  protocol.
       HELP       Get help on any command.
       JOIN       See the same command at the Main: prompt.
       MODERATE   Start  moderating  another  one  of   your
                  conferences.
       NEW        Type  MOD  NEW  from the Main:  prompt  to
                  start a new conferencerun by yourself.
       NOTE       Edit   the   conference  note,   this   is
                  displayed    when   people    type    SHOW
                  <confname>.  This is to  give  users  more
                  information on your conference.
       ORPHANS    Display  all files actually in the current
                  topic  which  are not in  the  users  file
                  list.  Very  good for tracking down  those
                  files   which  have  not  yet  been   made
                  available.
       PARTICIPANTS      This   is  what  a  member   of   a
                  conference  is  called.  You  ADD  add  or
                  REMOVE participants from conferences.
       QUIT       Quit  out of the CIX Moderation system  to
                  the previous system you were in.
       RDONLY     Stop normal users leaving messages in  the
                  current topic. Moderators can still  leave
                  messages.
       REMOVE     Remove  a participant or a topic from  the
                  current conference.
       SHOW       See the same command at the Main: prompt.
       TERMINATE  Close  a conference down. This just  makes
                  all  the  topics  readonly,  it  does  not
                  delete anything.
       TOPIC      This is used with ADD and REMOVE.
       VOTE       Create  a voting message. First leave  the
                  body   of  the  voting  message   in   the
                  conference  explaining what  the  vote  is
                  about.  Type  MOD  and then  VOTE  <msgno>
                  where  msgno is the number of the  message
                  you   just  entered.  You  fill   in   the
                  different  vote  options  using  QUIT   to
                  stop.  People can now vote on the  options
                  you entered.

THE OPT: PROMPT
       ?          Get  list of valid commands available from
                  the Read: prompt
       ANSI       Make  CIX work with Ansi colours, OPT ANSI
                  Y  Y  Q  is  the actual command. You  must
                  have  the terminal emulator in your  comms
                  package set to ANSI mode.
       AUTORECENT Turn  autorecent on. This means  when  you
                  join  or  are  joined to a new conference,
                  CIX  will make sure you are only a certain
                  number  of messages from the end  of  each
                  topic.  This  number is  governed  by  the
                  figure  in your RECENT (see later  option)
                  variable.
       BACKWARD   Set  CIX  to  read conference messages  in
                  backward mode.
       BUDDY      Turn on buddy help.
       DOWNLOAD   Set  your  download  protocol  to  Kermit,
                  Xmodem, Ymodem, Ymodem-G or Zmodem.
       EDIT       Set  your editor to Verbose, Quiet or Full
                  Screen Wordstar compatible.
       FILE SINGLEIn  a FILE READ ALL, CIX looks for all new
                  messages twice. Once, to pick up  all  the
                  unread  message, then again to  catch  all
                  the  messages entered whilst  going  round
                  the  first  time.  This  second  scan  can
                  almost  double the time taken  to  do  the
                  FILE  READ  ALL.  Use the  FILE  SINGLE  Y
                  option to make CIX only do a single pass.
       FILTER     Filter control codes.
       HEADER     Put   CIX   in  header  mode.  This   only
                  displays  the header and first  full  line
                  of each message.
       HELP       Get help on any command.
       IXANY      Toggle  Xon/Xoff flow control so if  a  ^S
                  is  received to tell the flow  control  to
                  stop,  either  a ^Q is required  to  start
                  again or any character will restart.
       MESSAGESIZESet  the  maximum size of a  message  that
                  can  be  read  into your scratchpad  using
                  the FILE command.
       MISSING    When  doing  a FILE READ ALL, messages  in
                  conferences will not normally be added  to
                  your  scratchpad. The missing option  will
                  add  these messages, with the message text
                  saying  'withdrawn by someone' instead  of
                  the original message.
       QUIT       Quit  from the CIX Options system back  to
                  the previous system.
       RECENT     Used   with  AUTORECENT.  See  description
                  there. Defaults to 100.
       REFERENCE  Set  CIX  to  read conference messages  in
                  reference mode.
       SCRATCHNAMESet  your  scratchpad name to be something
                  else.   Very   useful  with  Crosstalk   4
                  Windows which cannot handle the file  name
                  SCRATCHPAD unlike most other packages.
       SCRATCHSIZESet   your   scratchpad  size  in   bytes.
                  Defaults   to   2,000,000  bytes   (or   2
                  megabytes).
       STAY       OPT  STAY  Q  is a toggle that stops  your
                  message pointers going out of the  end  of
                  a  topic  by themselves, you have  to  use
                  the   TNEXT   command  or  actually   join
                  another  topic using SWITCHTOPIC  or  join
                  another  conference. This  command  is  so
                  people  can do a FILE READ ALL of a single
                  topic   in   Reference   mode   which   is
                  otherwise not available.
       SUBSTITUTE Substitute one command name for another.
       SYNONYM    Make one command a synonym for another.
       TERMINAL   Set  a  number of characteristics  of  the
                  way  we handle your terminal. You can  set
                  the   CIX  terminal  TYPE  (or  emulation,
                  vt100  works best), PAGELENGTH,  WIDTH  or
                  the ERASE character.
       TERSE      Set  CIX into terse mode, this means  many
                  prompts   are   shortened    and   message
                  headers  are put on 2 lines instead  or  3
                  or 4.
       TIMEOUT    CIX  will say it is going to time you  out
                  after   2   minutes  of  no  activity,   a
                  following 2 minutes and it will  time  you
                  out.  You  can  change from 2  minutes  to
                  whatever  you  like. OPT  TIMEOUT  0  QUIT
                  will set CIX to never time you out but  WE
                  DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS.
       UNIX       The    lines   in   the   scratchpad   are
                  terminated  by LF. But when  archiving  or
                  downloading,   the   lines   become   CRLF
                  terminated.  This  translation  does   not
                  occur if you have set UNIX.
       UPLOAD     Change  you  upload protocol to  the  same
                  protocols in DOWNLOAD.
       VERBOSE    Set  CIX  into verbose mode,  opposite  of
                  TERSE.
       ZWINDOW    Set  your Zwindow size in a number  of  k.
                  Use   default  unless  you  have  a  error
                  correction  protocol  running  over   your
                  link  to CIX in which case use OPT ZWINDOW
                  0  QUIT  which make the Zwindow  size  its
                  maximum,  this should make downloads  more
                  reliable and perhaps faster.

THE SEND/ACTION: PROMPT
       You get this  prompt after initiating a mail  message
                  and    entering   the   text   into   your
                  scratchpad.
       <CR>       Send  the  message you just  entered  into
                  your   scratchpad   to   the   user    you
                  specified.
       ?          Get  list of valid commands available from
                  the Read: prompt.
       CC         Send  a  copy  of the current  message  to
                  someone  else, this could be  you  so  the
                  message  appears in your inbasket for  the
                  record.
       CLEAR      Clear the current scratchpad.
       CONTINUE   Continue appending to the message in  your
                  scratchpad using the text gobbler. The  is
                  useful  if  you  have forgotten  something
                  you should have put in the message.
       EDIT       Edit  the message in your scratchpad using
                  your current editor.
       HELP       Get help on any command.
       LIST       List  the  text  in your scratchpad,  last
                  chance before sending it perhaps.
       QUIT       Quit  out  of  Send/Action  to  the  Mail:
                  system. This keeps your scratchpad  intact
                  but cancels the mail message.
       SEND       Does exactly the same as pressing <CR>.
       SUBJECT    Change  the Subject: string in  your  mail
                  message.

THE FWD/ACTION: PROMPT
       You get this  prompt after using the FORWARD  command
                  from the mail system.
       <CR>       FORWARD   the  message  to  the  specified
                  user.
       ?          Get  list of valid commands available from
                  the Read: prompt.
       CC         Forward  a copy of this message  to  other
                  users.
       HELP       Get help on any command.
       QUIT       Quit   out  of  Fwd/Action  to  the  Mail:
                  system. This keeps your scratchpad  intact
                  but cancels the forwarding process.
       SEND       Does exactly the same as pressing <CR>.
       SUBJECT    Change   the  Subject:  string   in   your
                  forwarded mail message.

THE ADD/ACTION: PROMPT
       You get this  prompt  after initiating  a  conference
                  message  and entering the text  into  your
                  scratchpad.
       <CR>       Add   the   message   into   the   desired
                  conference.
       ?          Get  list of valid commands available from
                  the Read: prompt.
       ADD        Add  the  message to the conference  topic
                  that is currently in your scratchpad.
       CLEAR      Clear the current scratchpad.
       CONTINUE   Continue appending to the message in  your
                  scratchpad using the text gobbler.
       EDIT       Edit  the message in your scratchpad using
                  your current editor.
       HELP       Get help on any command.
       LIST       List the text in your scratchpad.
       QUIT       Quit   out  of  Add/Action  to  the  Mail:
                  system. This keeps your scratchpad  intact
                  but cancels the message you were going  to
                  add.

------------------------------------------------------------

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
         CHANGING BILLING DETAILS
         If  you  want  to  change  your  billing  details,
         address or anything like this you can by sending a
         mail message to the user, cixadmin@cix.
         
         LOGIN INCORRECT
         When you first dial into CIX you will get a Login:
         prompt.  If you type your nickname at this  prompt
         you  will  see a Password prompt, if you now  type
         your password you will get an error message saying
         Login  Incorrect. This is because you are supposed
         to  type CIX or QIX at the Login: prompt. CIX will
         display  a  login  header telling  you  the  other
         telephone numbers for CIX, QIX doesn't.
         
         WHAT CONFERENCES ARE AVAILABLE?
         At the Main: prompt type:
         
         Main: SHOW ALL
         
         This  will  show you all the conferences available
         on CIX.
         
         Type:
         Main: SHOW ALL <text>
         
         and  CIX will search the conference names and  the
         conference list for all occurrences of <text>  and
         display all the conferences it finds.
         
         LOOKING UP USERS?
         You can type:
         Main: SHOW WHO *
         
         to get a complete list of CIX users, typing:
         
         Main: SHOW WHO <text>
         
         will search that list in the name and the nickname
         field displaying each user it finds.
         
         WHAT IS A RESUME?
         A Resume is a file on CIX which cancontain details
         about  yourself:  your address,  phone  number  or
         whatever  information you want other CIX users  to
         know about you, like machines used, hobbies and so
         on. To see someone else's resume, type
         
         Main: SHOW RESUME <username>
         
         Where  <username> is the name of a  CIX  user.  To
         edit your own Resume, type:
         
         Main: EDIT RESUME
         
         and you will be placed in the editor and can enter
         your  new Resume details. By default, your  Resume
         contains only your name.
         
         CURRENT CHARGES
         To find out the current charges type:
         
         Main: HELP RATES
         
         WHO MODERATES A CONFERENCE?
         To find the moderator of a conference type
         
         Main: SHOW <confname>
         
         WHERE ARE THE FILES?
         Files  on CIX are stored in conferences, the quick
         way to find which conference a file is in type:
         
         Main: FFIND <text>
         
         Note,  the <text> can be any part of the  filename
         you are looking for, CIX will automatically append
         the  wild cards to the <text> you type in so don't
         add them yourself.
         
         The  output  of the FFIND list will tell  you  the
         conference and the topic the file is in.  Go  into
         that   conference  and  topic  and  use  the   FDL
         <filename>command to download  the  file.  If  you
         can't  find  the  file  in  the  topic,  mail  the
         moderator and ask them to add the file to the file
         list so you can download it.
         
         If  FFIND  says the file is in the filepool,  join
         the  filepool conference and join the topic  where
         the  file  is, if your file starts with  a  B  for
         instance, it will be in filepool/b_files.
         
         WHAT IS A SCRATCHPAD?
         A  scratchpad is just a file. Each user  can  have
         one of these files. You can put messages or output
         CIX  commands  into it and download it  using  the
         DOWNLOAD  command.  You can also  create  messages
         offline  and upload them to CIX using  the  UPLOAD
         command and then put them into a message.
         
         KILLING THE MORE? PROMPT
         By setting your pagelength to 0, type
         
         Main: OPTION TERM PAGELENGTH 0 QUIT
         
         STOPPING CIX IN MID FLOW
         You  send the break character CTRL-X (Control  and
         the  X  key). This should stop CIX in most  places
         and  print three asterisks (***). You can also use
         this  to stop downloads (ZModem download will need
         five in a row) and break from certain questions.
         
         WHAY IS MY EMAIL ADDRESS?
         Your           Mail          address            is
         <nickname>@cix.compulink.co.uk, Any person on  the
         Internet will be able to send mail to you.
         
         WHAT IS BLINKING?
         This  is the term used to describe someone logging
         onto  CIX, downloading all their new messages  and
         logging  off again. The CIX messages can  be  read
         offline  and perhaps replies to some messages  can
         be created which can then be uploaded to CIX in  a
         bundle.
         
         Blinking has taken off in the past couple of years
         with  people using programs called OffLine Readers
         (OLRs)  to  handle all the messing around  usually
         associated  with computer-mediated communications.
         There  are  OLRs  for  many  computers  and   many
         operating systems, a list follows:
         
         SystemProgram   Author   Conference
         ArchieReaderS   vulch     <unknown>
         Atari ST        Cixread  kebab    atari.st.olr
         Atari ST        Cixcomm  andre    atari.st.olr
         Amiga Nicola    tricky   nicola
         Amiga Lucy      toby     lucy.olr
         Mac   Semaphore II       pascal   semaphore.2
         PC    Matrix    james    matrix
         PC    Telepathy ashmount telepathy
         UNIX  clink     steveh   clink
         Windows         Ameol    ameoltechameol
         Windows         Matwin   dcraggs  matrix/matwin
         Windows         Wigwam2  ashmount wigwam2
         
         A  current list is available by typing HELP OLR at
         the Main: prompt.
         
         The  idea  of  an OLR is to take the pain  out  of
         reading and replying online. Most OLRs handle  the
         filing  and downloading of all your CIX  messages,
         and  whatever  else you have asked  for.  The  OLR
         takes over and lets you read through the messages,
         replying offline when you like. When you reply  to
         a message, the OLR makes a note of the message you
         replied to and the message you entered. As you  go
         along  it creates a CIX script which contains  all
         the  commands  and  text necessary  to  post  your
         replies  on CIX into the right places.  Most  OLRs
         will  also handle files, you can view a file list,
         pick  a  file and on your next login to  CIX  your
         file will be downloaded.
         

------------------------------------------------------------

CONNECTING TO CIX

PARITY AND DATA BITS
         CIX  needs  8 data bits. CIX requires 1 stop  bit.
         CIX uses no Parity, so turn parity off, or disable
         it, whatever is appropriate to your communications
         setup. This setup is often referred to as 8,N,1.
         
         Parity is an old style check for errors. Data bits
         are  the  number of bits that make up a  character
         when transmitted to another system. Stop bits  are
         information  added  to the end  of  a  transmitted
         character  so it knows it's received a  character.
         If   you  want  to  learn  more  about  these  and
         communications  in  general,  try  'The   Hacker's
         Handbook (Edition 3)' by Hugo Cornwall. Its  title
         is  a  little deceptive, but it's a good read with
         lots of information on communications.
         
WHAT SPEEDS CAN CIX HANDLE?
         CIX  will  recognise and connect to the  following
         CCITT  standards, v21, v22, v23, v22bis,  v32  and
         v32bis.
         
         A  list  of  telephone numbers with the   type  of
         modems on that number follows.
         
         081 390-1255  Courier HST DS+
         081 390-1244  Courier HST DS+
         081 390-9787  Hayes Optima 288
         081 399-5252  Tricom 48/24
         
         A list of what these modems do follows:
         Tricom  48/24      V21, V22,  V23,  V22bis, MNP5
         Courier HST DS+    V21-V32bis, HST,  v42bis, MNP5
         Hayes Optima 288   V22bis-V.fc 28.8k, V42bis, MNP5
         
         Here is a list of CCITT standards, the actual baud
         rate,  the number of cps you should expect to  get
         when   downloading   files,  downloading   already
         compressed   files  using  some  data  compression
         (v.42bis),  downloading uncompressed  files  using
         the same data compression.
         
         All figures reflect downloads carried out with the
         Zmodem file transfer protocol and only serve as  a
         guidline,   they   may  not  reflect   the   exact
         throughput  of  your modem, if the  difference  is
         significant  then you should look  at  your  modem
         setup.
         
         CCITT Standard     Speed  Case 1  Case 2  Case 3
         v.21                 300      28      28     52*
         v.22                1200     118     118    230*
         v.23             1200/75     118     118    230*
         v.22bis             2400     238     238    460*
         v.32                9600     958     958   2000*
         v.32bis            14400    1338    1338   2700*
         
         Case 1 is using no data compression at all and  is
         downloading either a binary file or a text file.
         
         Case  2  is  using data compression on an  already
         compressed, or binary file. Case 3 is  using  data
         compression on a text file.
         
         *  These  figures can be higher or lower depending
         on   what   data  the  file  contains,  the   more
         compressible  the  data  (lots  of   spaces   like
         database files) the faster the file will be sent.
         
ERROR CORRECTION ON CIX
         You notice in the table explaining what the modems
         can  do there is mention of v42, v42bis and  MNP5.
         This is what they are:
         
         V42  Error  correction system which works  on  the
         fly down the telephone line.
         V42BIS   Data compression system which works  with
         v42   to   provide   error   faster   error   free
         communications.
         
         MNP5Not  a  CCITT  standard but more  a  de  facto
         standard,  and still very popular data compression
         and   error   correction  system,  slightly   less
         efficient than v42bis
         
         BT  telephone  lines  are not  perfect,  all  that
         hissing and clicking you hear when talking over  a
         telephone connection produces weird characters  on
         your   terminal  when  you  use  a  modem.   Error
         correction makes sure every character that appears
         on  your  terminal was the one that the  CIX  host
         computer  sent out to you. Data compression  takes
         strings  of characters it recognises and  sends  a
         key  instead of that string, when the key gets  to
         the other end, it recognises the key and turns  it
         back  into  the string. Less data has to  be  sent
         down the line thus making the transfer faster.
         
         Your  modem may have these protocols in, see  your
         modem  manual for more information,  if  it  does,
         turn  it on and call the appropriate number.  Your
         comms package may support MNP5, there are a number
         about  at  the  moment,  we  recommend  Deputy  or
         Odyssey, both which work very well on CIX.
         
         If   it  is  your  modem  that  supports  a   data
         compression  system, you will  have  to  set  your
         comms package to talk to your modem at about twice
         the  rate it makes a connection at. Otherwise  all
         that  data  compression  that  goes  on  over  the
         telephone  line gets completely wasted  when  your
         modem can't talk to your comms package as fast  as
         it  needs to. For instance, if you have a  Courier
         HST  DS+  modem (which a lot of you may have)  you
         should  set your comms package to talk  to  it  at
         38400 bps. See the next page for some sample modem
         setups.
         
CONNECTING AT 1200/75
         Just  a  hint for those of you connecting at  V23,
         1200/75.   If  your  modem  supports  equalisation
         (check  your modems manual) then turn it  on.  Our
         experience is that improves connection quality.
         
HANDSHAKING
         If downloads are mysteriously timing out or if you
         lose  text  while uploading, we suggest  that  the
         first thing you check is your handshaking. Most of
         the  time handshaking doesn't matter, as both ends
         of the modem link are not overflowing. But when  a
         modem  needs to pause, it really needs  to  pause,
         otherwise  one  end  just  throws  away  all  that
         overflowing  data.  We  recommend  that  you   use
         hardware  flow control between your  computer  and
         your  modem, and make sure that the cable you  are
         using has the wires for hardware handshaking. Some
         modems  select  handshaking  in  software  as  the
         default,    so   remember   to   select   hardware
         handshaking  on the modem. And finally,  set  your
         communication  package  to  use  it  (It's   often
         referred to as RTS/CTS handshaking). We get a  lot
         of  problems when people go from slower modems  to
         v32  and  above  on  downloads and  uploads,  with
         people not doing hardware handshaking.
         
MODEM SETTINGS
         Here  is a list of some sample modem settings  for
         some  modems  we  have on CIX or  have  previously
         tested.
         
         COURIER HST MODEMS
         Talk  to  the 9600 HST modems at 19,200  bps,  any
         other HST talk to it at 38,400.
         1  up    DTR will affect modem
         2  up    Verbal result codes
         3  down  Give result codes
         4  up    Echo commands
         5  up    Auto answer
         6  up    CD reflects carrier
         7        Unused
         8  down  Responds to AT commands
         9  down  Normal response to ++++
         10 up    Read NRAM on power on or reset qu up
         Use straight through cable
         at&f&b1&r2&w
         
         HAYES ULTRA 9600
         Talk to modem at 38400.
         Then just go ahead.
         
         HAYES OPTIMA 288
         at&f&q9&k3w1
         
         HEXACOM DESKTOP
         Reset  modem to factory defaults by pressing reset
         whilst holding down right grey button. Talk to the
         modem at 19,200 bps.
         ats31=1
         This locks baud rate to 38400 bps.
         at&e1&d3&c2f9&w0&w1
         
         MISTRAL 9600B AND MAXAM MODEMS
         Reset  to  factory defaults by pressing reset  and
         holding  right grey button down. Talk to modem  at
         38400 bps.
         atf15&d3&w0&w1
         
         MULTITECH MT1432 (BLK AND MK)
         at&f&e15&e1&e4
         
         PACE MICROLIN
         at&ff0&d2&k3\n3l3
         
         QUATTRO SB2422
         Talk to it at 2400 and do:
         at&f&e5&w
         
         TRICOM 5/42 SETUP FOR CIX HOST
         Front Switches
         1  up    Respond to DTR
         2  down  AT commands, not SX
         3  down  Give result codes
         4  up    Echo commands
         5  up    Auto answer enabled
         6  up    CD reflects carrier
         7  up    Textual result codes
         8  down  Smart mode, responds to AT commands
         9  up
         10 up    Async mode
         Internal Switches
         1  down  -4db
         2  down  -4db
         3  down  -4db
         4  up    default
         5  up    default
         Back Switches
         1  down  Flow control defined in NRAM
         2  down
         3  down  Allow MNP
         4  up    Allow MNP
         5  down  Use MNP extended result codes
         6  up    Use settings from NRAM on reset or power
         up
         7  down  Read switch settings on power up
         Talk to the modem at 4800 bps and then type:
         at&f\j0\n3\q3\x1&w
         
         TRICOM TORNADO 10/42
         Blame wizard for this one.
         at&f\n6\j0%c3v2q0*w at*h0*w
         Then  either at-j0 or at-j1, Whichever  gives  the
         most  reliable  connection,-j0 has worked  in  the
         past.
         
         US   ROBOTICS  COURIER  V32BIS,  SPORTSTER   14.4,
         WORLDPORT 14.4
         All use the same string : at&f&b1&r2&h1&a3&n0b0

         If you have any problems setting your modem up, we
         may be able to help. We have set quite a few up in
         the past.
         
OTHER CONNECTION METHODS
         TELNET
         If you have access to a computer already connected
         to the Internet, then you can connect to CIX using
         the  telnet command. Telnet to cix.compulink.co.uk
         and you will be connected to CIX.
         
         GNS DIALPLUS
         If  you already use the DialPlus network, then you
         can  make  a  connection to CIX by specifying  our
         NUA: 2342 1330 0310
         
         ISDN
         We  have  two Dataflex V24 terminal adapters  with
         V110 on 081 399 3468.
         
NUMBER CHANGES ON PHONEDAY
         In  common  with  everyone else,  CIX's  telephone
         numbers will change on the 16 April 1995. The zero
         at the start of each number will become 01, so our
         Technical Support line on 081 390 8446 will become
         0181 390 8446.

         These  extended  numbers will  become  operational
         from  1 August 1994, so at any time thereafter you
         can use the new numbers.

-----------------------------------------------------------
CONDITIONS OF USAGE OF CIX
         To   protect  ourselves  and yourself we  have  to
         ask  you  to  agree  to certainrules  -  we  think
         they're   reasonable,  but   we'd   welcome   your
         comments.You may also get a copy of this agreement
         at  any  time   on-line  to  CIX  by  typing  HELP
         CONDITIONS.
         
         1.  You have to pay your own phone bill.
         
         2.   You are not permitted to allow anyone else to
         use  your account. Tell us immediately if  someone
         steals your password, or if someone else is  using
         your  nickname, otherwise they're running up  your
         bill.
         
         3.   If  you  upload anything, including messages,
         you  must  be legally entitled to do  so.  And  it
         mustn't be obscene or libellous.
         
         4.   If  you  put anything in a public  area,  you
         must be willing for anyone to copy it.
         
         5.   If you download anything, you can give a copy
         to anyone, provided you don't sell it.
         
         6.    Advertisements  must  go  into  the   VENDOR
         conference,   and   you  will   be   charged   our
         advertising rates - details available on request.
         
         7.   CIX  works,  most  of the  time.  But  if  it
         doesn't, we can only promise to do our best to fix
         it  as soon as we can. And we can't guarantee  the
         accuracy  of  any  information  on  CIX,  or   the
         usability  of any software available for download.
         And  if  using CIX damages your health, wealth  or
         marriage, that's your problem.
         
         8.   If  you  or we get sued as a result  of  your
         using CIX, you will have to pay our costs.
         
         9.   Anyone  can resign at any time by  giving  us
         seven days written notification (but you'll   have
         to  pay  for charges to date). And we can likewise
         end this agreement at any time.
         
         10.  If  you  use CIX outside this agreement,  you
         will be billed for this use.
         
         11.  Copyright of messages rests with the  message
         authors.  Copyright of the collections of messages
         that  form CIX rests with CIX. You are not allowed
         to  reprint or distribute CIX    messages  without
         the  permission of the author or authors  and  the
         permission of CIX.
         
         Exceptions to the above:
         11.1The  conference is created by a  magazine  and
         that magazine has a prior arrangement  with CIX to
         reprint  messages and that the conference  members
         are  aware of this, and of the fact that  messages
         may be used as an item in the reprinters magazine,
         without  any alterations, and  stating the  source
         of the message (ie CIX).
         
         11.2We   at  CIX  reserve  the  right  to  reprint
         messages   from  open  conferences  at   our   own
         discretion.
         
         12.  You  agree  to be responsible  for  your  CIX
         charges, and authorise CIX to collect monies  from
         the  credit  card  or direct debiting  information
         held  on  file for you on a regular monthly  basis
         for  the minimum monthly charge, connection rates,
         one   time  registration  charge,  and  any  other
         charges  incurred as per the prices in  force.  In
         the  event  of payment not being made with  thirty
         days of the due date, interest will be charged  on
         the  balance  from time to time outstanding  on  a
         daily basis at three percent above the Lloyds bank
         plc lending rate.
         
         13.  Closed/closed  confidential  conferences.  We
         reserve  the  right to charge the moderator(s)  of
         closed or closed confidential conferences for file
         storage   above   1MB   at  pounds   100/MB/annum.
         Moderators of such conferences will be  given  the
         opportunity to reduce the file storage  before  we
         implement any such charges.
