NEW FEATURES OF CIX

Please read these pages as an addition to the CIX manual.

New GO commands
---------------

All of the following commands are available from the Main: prompt.

commands	Displays on screen a list of all commands available from the go prompt.

confstats	Displays statistics about a conference. To use this commands, join a
conference, then type go confstats at the Read: prompt.

This command displays general information about the conference, its moderators, number of
topics and messages, and asks if you want information about specific topics. Information on
topics includes name, number of messages and files, date of last message, number of
messages posted in the last day and last week, and the total size of the topic.

olrconfstat	Performs in a similar manner to confstat above, but files the information to
your scratchpad to be downloaded.

filestats	Displays a list of the number of times files in a topic have been downloaded.

olrfilestats	Performs in the same way as filestats above, but files the information to your
scratchpad to be downloaded.

laston		Displays the time you last logged in.

listhelpfiles	Files a list of helpfiles and sizes to your scratchpad to be downloaded.

load		Displays processor load and uptime.

modlist		Displays the list of conferences of which you are a moderator.

mystery		Try it and see!


New commands in the Internet Subsystem

?	Help
dossify	Converts long filenames into the DOS 8.3 naming convention. Supply the filename to
dossify as an argument to the command.

opt	Sets options. Opt download sets the choice of upload and download protocol: options
are zmodem, xmodem ,ymodem and windowed zmodem. Opt window <window_size> sets
the size of the Zmodem window, 0 disables. Opt term <term_type> where term_type is VT100
or TTY sets the type of terminal program you are using.
strip	Removes illegal characters from a filename. Supply the file to strip as an argument to
the command.


Cix Commands
------------

The following CIX commands have been documented since the last version of the manual:

bit8	Enables and disables a full 8-bit character feed from CIX. Disabling this will force CIx
to strip the top bit of characters sent to your terminal or OLR. Syntax: opt bit8 y|n q

echo	The echo command is available at the main prompts of COSY, but its main use is
within your profile. It causes everything on the rest of the line to be echoed back to your
terminal. Thus, in your profile it can be used to put text on the screen during the login process.
level	Level adjusts the amount of help you are given online. Normally your help level is set
to 0. Level 1 or 2 provides a menu of commands available from which ever prompt you are at.
Note: The level command works only from Mail:

news	Displays special messages from CIX  - this command normally appears at the
beginning of your profile.

note	Edits the conference note or your personal note.
Note from the Mod: prompt allows you to enter or edit the conference note. The conference
note (if any) is displayed in response to a SHOW <confname> command, following the list of
topics.
Edit Note edits the note which is displayed when a moderator adds you as a participant to a
conference. It allows you to inform a moderator of your wishes regarding joining conferences.

raw	The raw setting displays any special characters in messages. Messages are
terminated with an ETX ($03) character. To toggle off this setting, issue opt raw again.

scgadd	Gets the contents of one of the following user files and appends to the text in your
scratchpad: Profile, Resume, Script or a topics Flist.

scpadd	Gets the text from your scratchpad and appends to one of the following user files:
Profile, Resume, Script or a topics Flist (if you are the moderator of that conference.)

status	At the Mail: prompt, displays the in and outbaskets. At the Main: or Read: prompts,
show status <confname> displays all the participants who are joined to that conference and
when they last logged on to CIX.

time	Displays the current time of day.

workfile	Edit workfile (at the Read: prompt) edits the conference workfile. The workfile may be
jointly changed by any conference member. Uses might include a working paper.

xtra	At the send/action: prompt, specifies an extended mail header field. Typing xtra
prompts once for two paramaters, separated by a space,  for instance "OLR Ameol"  would
produce the extended mail header "X-OLR: Ameol".
